HEADER_1:
Abbott may acquire other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form alliances, or
dispose of or spin-off businesses, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability.
HEADER_2:
Abbott is subject to cost containment efforts that could cause a reduction in future revenues and
operating income.
HEADER_3:
Abbott is subject to numerous governmental regulations and it can be costly to comply with these
regulations and to develop compliant products and processes.
HEADER_4:
Laws and regulations affecting government benefit programs could impose new obligations on Abbott,
require Abbott to change its business practices, and restrict its operations in the future.
HEADER_5:
Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect Abbott's business.
HEADER_6:
The expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may affect Abbott's future revenues and
operating income.
HEADER_7:
Competitors' intellectual property may prevent Abbott from selling its products or have a material
adverse effect on Abbott's future profitability and financial condition.
HEADER_8:
Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful
products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline.
HEADER_9:
New products and technological advances by Abbott's competitors may negatively affect Abbott's
results of operations.
HEADER_10:
The manufacture of many of Abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if Abbott
or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing products, Abbott's business could suffer.
HEADER_11:
Significant safety concerns could arise for Abbott's products, which could have a material adverse
effect on Abbott's revenues and financial condition.
HEADER_12:
Deterioration in the economic position and credit quality of certain countries may negatively affect
Abbott's results of operations.
HEADER_13:
Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems and a cyber attack or other breach of
these systems could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations.
HEADER_14:
Abbott may incur operational difficulties or be exposed to claims and liabilities as a result of the
separation.
HEADER_15:
There could be significant liability if the distribution of AbbVie common stock to Abbott
shareholders is determined to be a taxable transaction.
HEADER_16:
Abbott holds a significant investment in Mylan N.V. and is subject to market risk.
HEADER_17:
Fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial statements and
Abbott's ability to realize projected sales and earnings.
HEADER_18:
The international nature of Abbott's business subjects it to additional business risks that may
cause its revenue and profitability to decline.
HEADER_19:
Other factors can have a material adverse effect on Abbott's future profitability and financial
condition.
HEADER_20:
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
