HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS 
HEADER_2:
We have a history of net losses, and our future profitability is not assured.
HEADER_3:
The separation of the Lumentum business could result in substantial tax liability to us and our stockholders.
HEADER_4:
Management turnover creates uncertainties and could harm our business.
HEADER_5:
Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions.
HEADER_6:
 in the carrying value of goodwill or other assets could negatively affect our results of operations or net worth.
HEADER_7:
 technological change in our industry presents us with significant risks and challenges, and if we are unable to keep up with the rapid changes, our customers may purchase less of our products which could adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_8:
We rely on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our sales.
HEADER_9:
ur forecasts related to our growth strategy in 3D sensing and other applications may prove to be inaccurate.
HEADER_10:
Movement towards virtualized networks and software solutions may result in lower demand for our hardware products and increased competition.
HEADER_11:
We face a number of risks related to our strategic transactions.
HEADER_12:
Certain of our products are subject to governmental and industry regulations, certifications and approvals.
HEADER_13:
We face risks related to our international operations and revenue.
HEADER_14:
Our business and operations would be adversely impacted in the event of a failure of our information technology infrastructure.
HEADER_15:
Failure to maintain effective internal controls may adversely affect our stock price.
HEADER_16:
August 2013, we issued $650.0 million of 0.625% Senior Convertible Notes due 2033, and in March 2017, we issued $460.0 million of 1.00% Senior Convertible Notes due 2024. The issuance of the Notes could dilute our existing stockholders and lower our reported earnings per share. 
HEADER_17:
If we have insufficient proprietary rights or if we fail to protect those we have, our business would be materially harmed.
HEADER_18:
Our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our products or product roadmaps.
HEADER_19:
Our products may be subject to claims that they infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
HEADER_20:
The use of open source software in our products, as well as those of our suppliers, manufacturers and customers, may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property position.
HEADER_21:
We face certain litigation risks that could harm our business.
HEADER_22:
We may be subject to environmental liabilities which could increase our expenses and harm our operating results.
HEADER_23:
We are subject to provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that could subject us to additional costs and liabilities.
HEADER_24:
Certain provisions in our charter and under Delaware laws could hinder a takeover attempt.
HEADER_25:
Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.
