HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
You should carefully consider the followings risks when considering an investment in our Common Stock.  These risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our Common Stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected or those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us.  These risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under “Forward-Looking Statements” and the risk of our businesses described elsewhere in this annual report. Additionally, these risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones facing us.  Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
HEADER_3:
RISKS RELATED TO THE MERGER WITH ROFIN
HEADER_4:
We may not be able to integrate the business of Rofin successfully with our own or realize the anticipated benefits of the merger.
HEADER_5:
Our future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations following the merger.
HEADER_6:
We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial expenses related to the merger with and the integration of Rofin.
HEADER_7:
Charges to earnings resulting from the application of the purchase method of accounting to the Rofin acquisition may adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_8:
Our indebtedness following the merger is substantially greater than our indebtedness prior to the merger. This increased level of indebtedness could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility, and will increase our borrowing costs.
HEADER_9:
We may not be able to divest the Rofin business located in Hull, England on favorable terms.
HEADER_10:
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND INDUSTRY TRENDS
HEADER_11:
Our operating results, including net sales, net income (loss) and adjusted EBITDA in dollars and as a percentage of net sales, as well as our stock price have varied in the past, and our future operating results, including those results from the newly acquired Rofin business, will continue to be subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations based upon numerous factors, including those discussed in this Item 1A and throughout this report. Our stock price will continue to be subject to daily variations as well. Our future operating results and stock price may not follow any past trends or meet our guidance and expectations.
HEADER_12:
We depend on sole source or limited source suppliers, both internal and external, for some of our key components and materials, including exotic materials, certain cutting-edge optics and crystals, in our products, which make us susceptible to 
HEADER_13:
supply shortages or price fluctuations that could adversely affect our business, particularly our ability to meet our customers' delivery requirements.
HEADER_14:
We participate in the microelectronics market, which requires significant research and development expenses to develop and maintain products and a failure to achieve market acceptance for our products could have a significant negative impact on our business and results of operations. 
HEADER_15:
We participate in the flat panel display market, which has a relatively limited number of end customer manufacturers.  Our backlog, timing of net sales and results of operations could be negatively impacted in the event our customers reschedule or cancel orders.
HEADER_16:
Some of our laser systems are complex in design and may contain defects that are not detected until deployed by our customers, which could increase our costs and reduce our net sales.
HEADER_17:
Continued volatility in the advanced packaging and semiconductor manufacturing markets could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_18:
We are exposed to risks associated with worldwide economic conditions and related uncertainties which could negatively impact demand for our products and results of operations.
HEADER_19:
Our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments are managed through various banks around the world and volatility in the capital and credit market conditions could cause financial institutions to fail or materially harm service levels provided by such banks, both of which could have an adverse impact on our ability to timely access funds.
HEADER_20:
We are exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market values of our investment portfolio.
HEADER_21:
Our future success depends on our ability to increase our sales volumes and decrease our costs to offset potential declines in the average selling prices (“ASPs”) of our products and, if we are unable to realize greater sales volumes and lower costs, our operating results may suffer.
HEADER_22:
Our future success depends on our ability to develop and successfully introduce new and enhanced products that meet the needs of our customers.
HEADER_23:
We face risks associated with our foreign operations and sales that could harm our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_24:
We may not be able to protect our proprietary technology which could adversely affect our competitive advantage.
HEADER_25:
We may, in the future, be subject to claims or litigation from third parties, for claims of infringement of their proprietary rights or to determine the scope and validity of our proprietary rights or the proprietary rights of competitors or other rights holders. These claims could result in costly litigation and the diversion of our technical and management personnel. Adverse resolution of litigation may harm our operating results or financial condition.
HEADER_26:
If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
HEADER_27:
We depend on skilled personnel to operate our business effectively in a rapidly changing market, and if we are unable to retain existing or hire additional personnel when needed, our ability to develop and sell our products could be harmed.
HEADER_28:
The long sales cycles for our products may cause us to incur significant expenses without offsetting net sales.
HEADER_29:
The markets in which we sell our products are intensely competitive and increased competition could cause reduced sales levels, reduced gross margins or the loss of market share.
HEADER_30:
If we fail to accurately forecast component and material requirements for our products, we could incur additional costs and incur significant delays in shipments, which could result in a loss of customers.
HEADER_31:
Our reliance on contract manufacturing and outsourcing may adversely impact our financial results and operations due to our decreased control over the performance and timing of certain aspects of our manufacturing.
HEADER_32:
If we fail to effectively manage our growth or, alternatively, our spending during downturns, our business could be disrupted, which could harm our operating results.
HEADER_33:
Historically, acquisitions have been an important element of our strategy. However, we may not find suitable acquisition candidates in the future and we may not be able to successfully integrate and manage acquired businesses. Any acquisitions we make could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition.
HEADER_34:
Our market is unpredictable and characterized by rapid technological changes and evolving standards demanding a significant investment in research and development, and, if we fail to address changing market conditions, our business and operating results will be harmed.
HEADER_35:
We are exposed to lawsuits in the normal course of business which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition.
HEADER_36:
We use standard laboratory and manufacturing materials that could be considered hazardous and we could be liable for any damage or liability resulting from accidental environmental contamination or injury.
HEADER_37:
Compliance or the failure to comply with current and future environmental regulations could cause us significant expense.
HEADER_38:
Our and our customers' operations would be seriously harmed if our logistics or facilities or those of our suppliers, our customers' suppliers or our contract manufacturers were to experience catastrophic loss.
HEADER_39:
Difficulties with our enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system and other parts of our global information technology system could harm our business and results of operation. If our network security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer's data or our data or our information technology systems, we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. 
HEADER_40:
Our information systems are subject to attacks, interruptions and failures.
HEADER_41:
Changes in tax rates, tax liabilities or tax accounting rules could affect future results.
HEADER_42:
Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure may create uncertainty regarding compliance matters. 
HEADER_43:
Governmental regulations, including duties, affecting the import or export of products could negatively affect our net sales.
HEADER_44:
Failure to maintain effective internal controls may cause a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements or to cause us to delay filing our periodic reports with the SEC and adversely affect our stock price.
HEADER_45:
Provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law, and our Change-of-Control Severance Plan may have anti-takeover effects that could prevent or delay a change in control.
