HEADER_1:
The industries that Applied serves are volatile and difficult to predict.
HEADER_2:
Applied is exposed to risks associated with the uncertain global economy.
HEADER_3:
Applied is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes in the various industries in which it operates.
HEADER_4:
Applied is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to the semiconductor industry.
HEADER_5:
Applied is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to the display industry.
HEADER_6:
Applied is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to the solar industry.
HEADER_7:
Applied must continually innovate, commercialize its products, and adapt its business and product offerings to respond to competition and rapid technological changes.
HEADER_8:
Applied is exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated customer base.
HEADER_9:
Applied is exposed to the risks of operating a global business.
HEADER_10:
Applied is exposed to risks associated with business combinations, acquisitions and strategic investments.
HEADER_11:
Applied’s indebtedness and debt covenants could adversely affect its financial condition and business.
HEADER_12:
Operating in multiple industries, and the entry into new markets and industries, entail additional challenges and obligations.
HEADER_13:
Manufacturing interruptions or delays could affect Applied’s ability to meet customer demand and lead to higher costs, while the failure to estimate customer demand accurately could result in excess or obsolete inventory.
HEADER_14:
The ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees is vital to Applied’s success.
HEADER_15:
Applied is exposed to various risks related to protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights.
HEADER_16:
Applied is exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and incidents.
HEADER_17:
Applied is exposed to various risks related to legal proceedings.
HEADER_18:
The failure to successfully implement and conduct outsourcing activities and other operational initiatives could adversely affect results of operations.
HEADER_19:
Applied may incur impairment charges to goodwill or long-lived assets.
HEADER_20:
Changes in tax rates or tax assets and liabilities could affect results of operations.
HEADER_21:
Applied is subject to risks of non-compliance with environmental and safety regulations.
HEADER_22:
Applied is exposed to various risks related to the regulatory environment.
