HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
HEADER_3:
If we are unable to increase traffic to our mobile app and website, or user engagement on our platform declines, our revenue, business and operating results may be harmed.
HEADER_4:
Reliance on Internet Search Engines
HEADER_5:
Quality of Our Content
HEADER_6:
We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. If we fail to maintain and expand our base of advertisers, our revenue and our business will be harmed.
HEADER_7:
Acceptance of Online Advertising
HEADER_8:
Competitiveness of Our Products
HEADER_9:
Availability and Accuracy of Analytics
HEADER_10:
Perception of Our Platform
HEADER_11:
Our ability to increase our revenue depends on our ability to introduce successful new products and services, including products and services outside of our historical core business. Our ongoing investment in such products and services involves significant risks, could disrupt our current operations and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect.
HEADER_12:
Consumers are increasingly accessing online services through a variety of platforms other than desktop computers, including mobile devices. If we are unable to operate effectively on such devices or our products for such devices are not compelling, our business could be adversely affected.
HEADER_13:
We rely on Internet search engines and application marketplaces to drive traffic to our platform, certain providers of which offer products and services that compete directly with our products. If links to our applications and website are not displayed prominently, traffic to our platform could decline and our business would be adversely affected.
HEADER_14:
If we fail to further develop our domestic markets effectively, our revenue and business will be harmed.
HEADER_15:
We face competition for both local business directory traffic and advertiser spending, and expect competition to increase in the future.
HEADER_16:
We rely on third-party service providers and strategic partners for many aspects of our business, and any failure to maintain these relationships could harm our business.
HEADER_17:
We may acquire other companies or technologies or sell existing business lines or technologies, which could divert our management’s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. We may also be unable to realize the expected benefits and synergies of any acquisitions or dispositions.
HEADER_18:
Our business depends on a strong brand, and any failure to maintain, protect and enhance our brand would hurt our ability to retain and expand our base of users and advertisers, as well as our ability to increase the frequency with which they use our products.
HEADER_19:
If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our brand, results of operations and business could be harmed.
HEADER_20:
We make the consumer experience our highest priority. Our dedication to making decisions based primarily on the best interests of consumers may cause us to forgo short-term gains and advertising revenue.
HEADER_21:
We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate well-qualified employees, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_22:
Risks Related to Our Technology
HEADER_23:
Our business is dependent on the uninterrupted and proper operation of our technology and network infrastructure. Any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement and adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_24:
Infrastructure Changes and Capacity Constraints.
HEADER_25:
Human or Software Errors.
HEADER_26:
If our security measures are compromised, or if our platform is subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our content, users may curtail or stop use of our platform.
HEADER_27:
Some of our products contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software and solutions.
HEADER_28:
Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business and results of operations.
HEADER_29:
We may be unable to continue to use the domain names that we use in our business, or prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our brand or our trademarks or service marks.
HEADER_30:
Risks Related to Our Financial Statements and Tax Matters
HEADER_31:
We have incurred significant operating losses in the past, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to maintain profitability. Our recent growth rate will likely not be sustainable, and a failure to maintain an adequate growth rate will adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_32:
We have a limited operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful.
HEADER_33:
We expect a number of factors to cause our operating results to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance.
HEADER_34:
Because we recognize most of the revenue from our advertising products over the term of an agreement, a significant downturn in our business may not be immediately reflected in our results of operations.
HEADER_35:
If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to our income statement.
HEADER_36:
We may require additional capital to support business growth, and such capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
HEADER_37:
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
HEADER_38:
Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or the examination of our tax positions, could materially affect our financial position and results of operations.
HEADER_39:
Our business and results of operations may be harmed if we are deemed responsible for the collection and remittance of state sales taxes for food orders placed through our platform.
HEADER_40:
We rely on data from both internal tools and third parties to calculate certain of our performance metrics. Real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business.
HEADER_41:
Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance and Legal Matters
HEADER_42:
We are, and may be in the future, subject to disputes and assertions by third parties that we violate their rights. These disputes may be costly to defend and could harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_43:
Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign regulations and other legal obligations related to privacy, data protection and other matters. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such regulations and obligations could harm our business.
HEADER_44:
Domestic and certain foreign laws may be interpreted and enforced in ways that impose new obligations on us with respect to Yelp Deals, which may harm our business and results of operations.
HEADER_45:
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members.
HEADER_46:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
HEADER_47:
Our share price has been and will likely continue to be volatile.
HEADER_48:
We cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and could diminish our cash reserves.
HEADER_49:
We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future, and as a result, our stockholders’ ability to achieve a return on their investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock.
HEADER_50:
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our Company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_51:
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for the adjudication of certain disputes, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
HEADER_52:
Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our share price to decline.
