HEADER_1:
An investment in our securities involves risks. You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below as well as the other information contained or incorporated by reference in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission before investing in our securities. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to repay our outstanding convertible senior notes and the trading price of our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those currently viewed by us to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
HEADER_2:
We have incurred significant net losses in the past and may never achieve sustained profitability from our non-licensing related operations. We generate a significant amount of revenue from our patent settlement agreements with DISH, AT&T, Verizon, Motorola/Cisco which expire in calendar year 2018 or later, and if we are unable to renew or replace these revenues, our business would be harmed.
HEADER_3:
We are party to a patent infringement lawsuit involving Samsung.  We expect to incur significant expenses as a result, and an adverse outcome in the lawsuit could harm our business.
HEADER_4:
Our claims against Samsung
HEADER_5:
Samsung’s claims against us.
HEADER_6:
We may make patent assertions, or initiate patent infringement or patent interference actions or other litigation to protect our IP, which could be costly and harm our business.
HEADER_7:
We may not be able to join standards bodies, license technologies or integrate with platforms that are necessary or helpful to our product or services businesses because of the encumbrances that the proposed associated agreements place on our patents.
HEADER_8:
Intellectual property claims against us could be extremely costly, result in the loss of significant rights, require us to alter our current product and business strategy and force us to cease operating our business, in which case our business would be harmed.
HEADER_9:
The emerging advanced-television industry is highly litigious.
HEADER_10:
Under our agreements with many of our manufacturing and licensing partners, we may be required to indemnify them in the event that our technology infringes upon the intellectual property rights of third-parties.
HEADER_11:
Our success depends in part on our ability to secure and protect our patents, trademarks, and other proprietary rights.
HEADER_12:
If cable operators were to cease supporting and providing CableCARDs to consumers or cable operators were to transmit television programs using technology that prevents our retail products from receiving and displaying television programs, the functionality of our current retail products would be severely limited, in which case our business would be harmed.
HEADER_13:
 Legislation, laws or regulations that govern the consumer electronics and television industry, the delivery of programming, access to television signals, and the collection of viewing information from subscriptions could expose us to legal action if we fail to comply and could adversely impact and/or could require us to change our business.
HEADER_14:
In the future, our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_15:
Our future growth depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of key executives. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key personnel and our management team.
HEADER_16:
We generate a significant portion of our service and software revenue from our agreement with DIRECTV, which expires in February 15, 2018, which would lead to substantial revenue loss and possible litigation if not renewed. 
HEADER_17:
We face risks in connection with our marketing and distribution agreements for the development and deployment of TiVo’s advanced television solutions and services to our television service provider customers, including our ability to gain access to certain necessary third-party technologies and possible conflicts between our marketing of a retail DVR service and related products that compete with the products we offer our television service providers.
HEADER_18:
If we fail to adequately manage our increasingly complex distribution agreements, including licensing, development, and engineering services, we could be subjected to unexpected delays in the deployment of TiVo's advanced television solutions, increased costs, possible penalties and adverse accounting and contractual consequences, including termination of such distribution arrangements. In any such event, our business would be harmed.
HEADER_19:
If we fail to properly estimate, manage, and perform the development and engineering services for our television service provider customers, we could incur additional unexpected expenses and losses which could reduce or even eliminate any profit from these deployment arrangements, in which case our business would be harmed. 
HEADER_20:
Many of our current deployment arrangements with television service providers require us to incur significant upfront development, set-up and integration engineering expenses for which we are in total or in part compensated through future service fees received after a solution is launched.
HEADER_21:
In the event of an early termination of these arrangements with our television service provider customers, we would be forced to recognize any deferred development costs which we have incurred but not recognized without corresponding revenues from development or subscription fees, and in such an event we would be forced to incur unexpected losses.
HEADER_22:
We face risks from the consolidation or change of control of television service providers both in the U.S. and internationally.
HEADER_23:
We face intense competition from a number of sources, which may impair our revenues, increase our subscription acquisition costs, and hinder our ability to generate new subscriptions.
HEADER_24:
We face a number of competitive challenges in the sale and marketing of the TiVo service and products that enable the retail version of the TiVo service.
HEADER_25:
We compete with other consumer electronics products and home entertainment services for consumer spending.
HEADER_26:
Many of these products or services have established markets, broad user bases, and proven consumer acceptance.
HEADER_27:
Consumers may not be willing to pay for our products and services, we may be forced to discount our products and services, and we may introduce products and services at lower price points which could impact our revenues.
HEADER_28:
Growth in our TiVo-Owned subscriptions and related revenues could be harmed by offerings by our television distribution partners who also would be able to offer the TiVo service in the future.
HEADER_29:
We compete with digital cable, satellite, and telecommunications DVRs
HEADER_30:
We also expect to compete with digital cable, satellite, and telecommunications services that provide consumers with DVR and VOD-based services via a broadband connection on an on-demand basis
HEADER_31:
It is expensive to establish a strong brand
HEADER_32:
We rely on our retail partners and service providers to market and distribute our products and services.
HEADER_33:
To remain competitive, we must continue to innovate and develop new features and products and make our customers aware of the benefits of our video products.
HEADER_34:
We face competitive risks in the provision of an entertainment offering involving the distribution of digital content through broadband, including from broadband devices connected directly to the TV or through a PC or other device connected to the TV or to mobile devices.
HEADER_35:
Our ability to retain our current customers may continue to decrease in the future which could increase our TiVo-Owned subscription monthly churn rate and could cause our revenues to suffer.
HEADER_36:
The product lifetime subscriptions to the TiVo service that we currently are obligated to service commit us to providing services for an indefinite period. The revenue we generate from these subscriptions may be insufficient to cover future costs and will negatively impact our TiVo-Owned Average Revenue per Subscription.
HEADER_37:
We face intense competition for advertising and research revenues
HEADER_38:
We may not fully realize the anticipated positive impacts to future financial results from our restructuring efforts.
HEADER_39:
The nature of some of our business relationships may restrict our ability to operate freely in the future.
HEADER_40:
Entertainment companies and other content owners may claim that some of the features of our DVRs violate copyright or trademark laws, which could force us to incur significant costs in defending such actions and affect our ability to market the TiVo service and the products that enable the TiVo service.
HEADER_41:
We depend on a limited number of third-parties to manufacture, distribute, and supply critical components, technologies, assemblies, and services for the DVRs that enable the TiVo service. We may be unable to operate our business if these parties do not perform their obligations or we are unable to incorporate such critical components or technologies into our products.
HEADER_42:
If our manufacturing relationships are not successful, we may be unable to satisfy demand for our products and services.
HEADER_43:
We are dependent on sole suppliers for key components, technologies and services. If these suppliers 
HEADER_44:
fail to perform their obligations or we are unable to purchase or license such third party components, technologies or services, we may be unable to find alternative suppliers or deliver our products and services to our customers on time or with the features and functionality they expect.
HEADER_45:
Gracenote (formerly known as Tribune Media Services, Inc.) is the sole supplier of the program guide data for the TiVo service.
HEADER_46:
We depend upon third-parties to provide supply chain services related to inventory management, order fulfillment, and direct sales logistics.
HEADER_47:
We are dependent on our major retail partners for distribution of our products to consumers.
HEADER_48:
We face significant risks in overseeing our outsourcing of manufacturing processes as well as in the management of our inventory, and failure to properly oversee our manufacturing processes or to effectively manage our inventory levels may result in product recalls or supply imbalances that could harm our business.
HEADER_49:
Breaches of our cybersecurity systems could degrade our ability to conduct our business operations and deliver products and services to our MSO and retail customers, delay our ability to recognize revenue, compromise the integrity of our products and services, result in significant data losses and the theft of our intellectual property, damage our reputation, result in the breach and termination of our agreements with our MSO customers, expose us to liability to third parties and require us to incur significant additional costs to maintain the security of our networks and data.
HEADER_50:
Regulations related to “conflict minerals” may force us to incur additional expenses, may make our supply chain more complex and may result in damage to our reputation with customers
HEADER_51:
We face significant risks to our business when we engage in the outsourcing of engineering work, including outsourcing of software work oversees, which, if not properly managed, could result in the loss of valuable intellectual property, increased costs due to inefficient and poor work product, and subject us to export control restrictions which could impede or prevent us from working with partners internationally, which could harm our business, including our financial results, reputation, and brand.
HEADER_52:
Product defects, system failures, or interruptions to the TiVo service may have a negative impact on our revenues, damage our reputation and decrease our ability to attract new customers as well as remain in contractual compliance with our existing MSO customers.
HEADER_53:
We have detected in the past and may continue to detect software and manufacturing errors in our products in the future
HEADER_54:
If we are unable to create or maintain multiple revenue streams, we may not be able to cover our expenses and this could cause our revenues to decrease and net losses to increase.
HEADER_55:
If we are unable to introduce new products or services, or if our new products and services are unsuccessful, our subscription base and revenues may suffer.
HEADER_56:
We must manage product transitions successfully in order to remain competitive.
HEADER_57:
We may not receive significant revenue from our current research and development efforts for several years, if at all.
HEADER_58:
If we fail to manage the growth and complexity of our activities, it could disrupt our business and impair our ability to generate revenues.
HEADER_59:
Any inability of our systems to accommodate future subscription growth, or any inability of our TiVo.com website to handle customer traffic, may cause service interruptions or delay our introduction of new services and limit our ability to sell the TiVo service and TiVo-enabled DVRs.
HEADER_60:
We need to provide acceptable customer support, particularly with respect to installation of DVRs and CableCARDs
HEADER_61:
, and any inability to do so would harm our brand and ability to retain current subscriptions and generate new subscriptions.
HEADER_62:
We need to improve our operational and financial systems to support our growth in the future, increasingly complex business arrangements, and rules governing revenue and expense recognition and any inability to do so will adversely affect our billing and reporting. 
HEADER_63:
The nature of our business requires the application of complex revenue and expense recognition rules and the current legislative and regulatory environment affecting U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") is uncertain and volatile, and significant changes in current principles could affect our financial statements going forward.
HEADER_64:
We have limited experience and face significant competition in providing service and operations internationally that are subject to different competitors, laws, regulations, and requirements than those in the United States and our inability to compete or comply with such laws, regulations, and requirements could harm our business, including our reputation and brand.
HEADER_65:
Privacy concerns and laws, evolving regulation of television viewing behavior as well as cloud computing, cross-border data transfer restrictions and other domestic or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_66:
Entertainment companies, networks, or video distributors may claim that our advertising products or features may unintentionally violate copyright or trademark laws or otherwise unfairly compete with them, which could result in the blocking, stripping or failure to carry out our advertising products or features or force us to incur significant costs in defending such actions and affect our ability to generate advertising revenues.
HEADER_67:
We use open source software in our products, which could expose us to intellectual property infringement claims, require us to provide indemnification to third-parties, and delay or prevent development of certain products or features, any of which could harm our business.
HEADER_68:
DVRs could be the subject of future regulation relating to copyright law or evolving industry standards and practices that could adversely impact our business.
HEADER_69:
We have acquired and may acquire other companies and businesses and may not realize the expected benefits of these acquisitions.
HEADER_70:
Compliance with federal securities laws and regulations is costly.
HEADER_71:
The investment of our cash, cash equivalents and investments in money market funds and marketable debt securities are subject to risks which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.
HEADER_72:
Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting.
HEADER_73:
We advertise, market, and sell our services directly to consumers; many of these activities are highly regulated by constantly evolving state and federal laws and regulations and violations of these laws and regulations could harm our business.
HEADER_74:
We and the third-party vendors we work with will need to remain compliant with the Payment Card Industry requirements for security and protection of customer credit card information and an inability to do so by us or our third-party vendors will adversely affect our business.
HEADER_75:
We need to safeguard the security and privacy of our subscribers' confidential data and remain in compliance with laws that govern such data, and any inability to do so may harm our reputation and brand and expose us to legal action.
HEADER_76:
Uncertainty in the marketplace regarding the use of data from our subscribers could reduce demand for the TiVo service and result in increased expenses. 
HEADER_77:
The DVR collects and stores viewer preferences and other data that many of our customers consider confidential. If our technological security measures are compromised, our customers may curtail or stop use of our products and services. 
HEADER_78:
Legislation, laws or regulations relating to environmental issues, employment matters, and unclaimed property may adversely impact our business in the future.
HEADER_79:
If we fail to comply with the laws and regulations relating to the collection of sales tax and payment of income taxes in the various states in which we do business, we could be exposed to unexpected costs, expenses, penalties, and fees as a result of our noncompliance in which case our business could be harmed.
HEADER_80:
We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and similar laws in other jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with such laws and regulations thereunder could result in penalties which could harm our reputation, business, and financial condition.
HEADER_81:
Our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Delaware law could discourage a third-party from acquiring us and consequently decrease the market value of our common stock.
HEADER_82:
Seasonal trends may cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate and our inability to forecast these trends may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_83:
The large number of shares available for future sale could adversely affect the market price for our stock.
HEADER_84:
Increased leverage as a result of our convertible senior notes offering may harm our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_85:
The hedge transactions and warrant transactions entered into in connection with the 2.0% Notes due 2021 may affect the value of the 2.0% Notes due 2021 and our common stock.
HEADER_86:
Our business could be adversely impacted in the event of a natural disaster.
