HEADER_1:
Risk Factors That May Affect our Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
HEADER_2:
Our operating and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as the trading price of our common stock and debt securities. 
HEADER_3:
Substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the ecommerce and global payments industry may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
HEADER_4:
Global and regional economic conditions could materially affect our business.
HEADER_5:
We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
HEADER_6:
We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates.
HEADER_7:
Our international operations are subject to increased risks, which may harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
HEADER_8:
Any factors that reduce cross-border trade or make it more difficult could harm our business.
HEADER_9:
Our business may be adversely affected by geopolitical events, natural disasters, seasonal factors and other factors that cause our users to spend less time on our websites or mobile platforms and applications, including increased usage of other websites.
HEADER_10:
Our success depends to a large degree on our ability to successfully address the rapidly evolving market for transactions on mobile devices.
HEADER_11:
If we cannot keep pace with rapid technological developments to provide new and innovative programs, products and services, the use of our products and our revenues could decline.
HEADER_12:
Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight.
HEADER_13:
PayPal is subject to additional government regulation and supervision relating to the provision of financial services.
HEADER_14:
PayPal is subject to consumer protection laws and regulations.
HEADER_15:
PayPal is subject to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations.
HEADER_16:
Regulation in the areas of consumer privacy and protection of user data could adversely affect our business. 
HEADER_17:
New and existing laws and regulations could harm our business.
HEADER_18:
We are regularly subject to general litigation, regulatory disputes, and government inquiries.
HEADER_19:
We are subject to regulatory activity and antitrust litigation under competition laws.
HEADER_20:
We are subject to patent litigation.
HEADER_21:
Our tickets business is subject to regulatory, competitive and other risks that could harm this business.
HEADER_22:
The listing or sale by our users of items that allegedly infringe the intellectual property rights of rights owners, including pirated or counterfeit items, may harm its business.
HEADER_23:
Use of our payments services for illegal purposes could harm our business.
HEADER_24:
We are subject to risks associated with information disseminated through our services.
HEADER_25:
Changes to our programs to protect buyers and sellers could increase our costs and loss rate.
HEADER_26:
We may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, or third parties may allege that we are infringing their intellectual property rights.  
HEADER_27:
Changes to payment card networks or bank fees, rules, or practices could harm PayPal.
HEADER_28:
Changes in how customers fund their PayPal transactions can have a material effect on our results of operations.  
HEADER_29:
Our credit products and services expose us to additional risks.
HEADER_30:
PayPal is not a bank or licensed lender and relies upon third parties to make the loans and provide the other services critical to its business.
HEADER_31:
PayPal’s failure to manage customer funds properly could harm its business.
HEADER_32:
Failure to deal effectively with fraudulent activities on our websites would increase our loss rate and harm our business, and could severely diminish consumer confidence in and use of our services.
HEADER_33:
Failure to deal effectively with fraud, fictitious transactions, bad transactions, and negative customer experiences would increase our loss rate and harm our business, and could severely diminish consumer confidence in and use of our services.
HEADER_34:
PayPal’s retail point of sale solutions expose us to additional risks. 
HEADER_35:
Our Enterprise business exposes us to additional risks.
HEADER_36:
We have substantial indebtedness, and we may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, and we may not generate sufficient cash flow from our business to service our indebtedness. Failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness could result in the acceleration of our indebtedness, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity.
HEADER_37:
A downgrade in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our business.
HEADER_38:
Our business and users may be subject to sales tax and other taxes.
HEADER_39:
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
HEADER_40:
Our users and we may be subject to sales reporting and record-keeping obligations.
HEADER_41:
Our business is subject to online security risks, including security breaches.
HEADER_42:
Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our websites, applications, products or services could harm our business. 
HEADER_43:
Acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful consequences. 
HEADER_44:
Our success largely depends on key personnel. Because competition for our key employees is intense, we may not be able to attract, retain, and develop the highly skilled employees we need to support our business. The loss of senior management or other key personnel could negatively affect our business.
HEADER_45:
Problems with or price increases by third parties who provide services to us or to our users could harm our business.
HEADER_46:
Our developer platforms, which are open to merchants and third-party developers, subject us to additional risks.
HEADER_47:
Risk Factors Related to the Planned Separation
HEADER_48:
Our plan to separate PayPal into an independent publicly traded company is subject to various risks and uncertainties and may not be completed in accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timeline or at all. 
HEADER_49:
The proposed separation may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits and may adversely affect our business. 
HEADER_50:
The proposed separation may result in disruptions to, and negatively impact our relationships with, our customers and other business partners and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified employees.
