CONTENT_1:
&#160;
CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:
&#160;From the year ended June 30, 2009 to the year ended December 31, 2014, our revenues grew from $19.3 million to $682.6 million. We expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to decline into the foreseeable future. We also expect our costs to increase in future periods as we continue to invest in our capacity in order to support anticipated growth. These investments may not result in increased revenues or growth in our business. Even if our revenue continues to increase, we expect to continue to incur a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) loss during future periods due to increased costs such as non-cash charges associated with equity awards and business combinations and other expenses.&#160;Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may result in increased costs. As a result, we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability and we may be unable to generate positive cash flow from operations. If we fail to grow our revenues sufficiently to keep pace with our growing investments and other expenses, our operating results will be harmed.
CONTENT_4:
&#160;Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. If our quarterly financial results fall below the expectations of investors or any securities analysts who follow our stock, or we fail to meet or exceed any forward-looking financial guidance we have issued, or if any forward-looking financial guidance we give is below the expectations of investors or any securities analysts who follow our stock, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Some of the important factors that may cause our revenues, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate from quarter to quarter, or which could impact any forward-looking financial guidance we give for any period, include:&#160;&#8226;our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers and satisfy our customers&#8217; requirements;&#8226;the number of new employees added;&#8226;the rate of expansion and productivity of our sales force;&#8226;the cost, timing and management effort for our development of new services;&#8226;the length of the sales cycle for our services;&#8226;changes in our pricing policies, whether initiated by us or as a result of competition;&#8226;the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operation and expansion of our business;&#8226;significant security breaches, technical difficulties or interruptions of our services;&#8226;new solutions, products or changes in pricing policies introduced by our competitors;&#8226;changes in foreign currency exchange rates;&#8226;changes in effective tax rates;&#8226;general economic conditions that may adversely affect either our customers&#8217; ability or willingness to purchase additional subscriptions, delay a prospective customer&#8217;s purchasing decision, reduce the value of new subscription contracts or affect renewal rates;&#8226;seasonality in terms of when we enter into customer agreements for our services;&#8226;changes in the average duration of our customer agreements;&#8226;changes in our renewal and upsell rates;&#8226;the timing of customer payments and payment defaults by customers;&#8226;extraordinary expenses such as litigation costs or damages, including settlement payments;&#8226;the impact of new accounting pronouncements;&#8226;changes in laws or regulations impacting the delivery of our services; and&#8226;the amount and timing of stock awards and the related financial statement expenses.8Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them might cause our operating results to vary widely. As such, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenues, operating results and cash flows are not meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance.
CONTENT_5:

CONTENT_6:

CONTENT_7:
Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our management team and many key individual contributors. From time to time, there may be changes in our management team resulting from the hiring or departure of employees, which could disrupt our business. Our employees are generally employed on an at-will basis, which means that our employees could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more members of our management team or other key employees could have a serious impact on our business. In the technology industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing and managing software and Internet-related solutions, as well as competition for sales executives and operations personnel. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. In particular, competition for experienced software and cloud-based infrastructure engineers in the San Francisco Bay area, San Diego, Seattle, London and Amsterdam, our primary operating locations, is intense. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed.
CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:

CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:
&#160;Use of cloud-based applications to automate and manage service relationships is at an early stage. We do not know whether the trend of adoption of enterprise cloud-based solutions we have experienced in the past will continue in the future. In particular, many organizations have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate legacy software into their businesses over time, and some have been reluctant or unwilling to migrate to cloud-based solutions. Furthermore, some organizations, particularly large enterprises upon which we are dependent, have been reluctant or unwilling to use cloud-based solutions because they have concerns regarding the risks associated with the security of their data, the physical location of data centers in which their data is stored and processed, and the reliability of the technology delivery model associated with these solutions. It is possible that various governmental jurisdictions around the world in which we compete will adopt laws regarding access to, the processing of, or the location of storage of, data that prevents or imposes prohibitively expensive hurdles for us to provide our cloud-based solutions to enterprises within such jurisdictions. In addition, if either we or other cloud-based providers experience security incidents, loss of customer data, disruptions in delivery or other problems, the market for cloud-based solutions as a whole, including our services, will be negatively impacted. If the adoption of cloud-based solutions does not continue, the market for these solutions may stop developing or may develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would harm our operating results.
CONTENT_13:
&#160;Increasing our customer base and achieving broader market acceptance of our services will depend, to a significant extent, on our ability to effectively expand our sales and marketing operations and activities. We are substantially dependent on our direct sales force to obtain new customers. From December 31, 2013 to December 31, 2014, our sales and marketing organization increased from 615&#32;to 1,011&#32;employees. We plan to continue to expand our direct sales force both domestically and internationally. There is significant competition for direct sales personnel with the sales skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth in the future will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining a sufficient number of direct sales personnel and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals.  Further, new hires require significant training and time before they achieve full productivity, particularly in new sales territories and our recent hires and planned hires may not become as productive as quickly as we plan, or at all. Moreover, we do not have significant experience as an organization developing and implementing overseas sales and marketing campaigns, and such campaigns may be expensive and difficult to implement, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified personnel to conduct such campaigns. Our business will be harmed if our expansion efforts do not generate a significant increase in revenues.
CONTENT_14:
&#160;We depend on various third parties, such as implementation partners, systems integrators, managed services providers and sales partners in order to grow our business.  Our sales efforts have focused on large enterprise customers and there are a limited number of partners with the capacity to provide these customers a significant level of services.  In order to continue our growth, we need to recruit these partners and these partners need to devote substantial resources to our solutions.  Accordingly, we need to build services, implement partner programs, and provide training and other resources to recruit, retain and enable these partners.  Our agreements with partners are typically non-exclusive and do not prohibit them from working with our competitors or from offering competing solutions. Our competitors may be effective in providing incentives to our partners to favor their solutions or otherwise disrupt the relationships we have with our partners. In addition, global economic conditions could harm the businesses of our partners, and it is possible that they may not be able to devote the additional resources we expect to the relationship. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues could be impaired and our operating results would suffer.  As we expand the breadth of our services to include offerings for service domains outside of IT, and offerings for small and medium sized businesses, we may need to establish relationships with additional sales and implementation partners.  Further, reliance on third parties exposes us to risk of poor performance and failed customer expectations. If a customer is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by a third party, we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the customer&#8217;s dissatisfaction could damage our reputation or ability to obtain additional revenues from that customer or prospective customers.12
CONTENT_15:
&#160;In order for us to maintain or improve our operating results, it is important that our existing customers expand their use of our service by adding new users and new applications of our service across the enterprise, and renew their subscriptions upon expiration of the subscription contract term. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions, and our customers may not renew subscriptions with a similar contract period or with the same or a greater number of users. Although our renewal rates have historically been high, some of our customers have elected not to renew their agreements with us and we cannot accurately predict renewal rates. Moreover, in some cases, some of our customers have the right to cancel their agreements prior to the expiration of the term. Our renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including our customers' satisfaction with our subscription service, professional services, customer support, or prices, the prices of competing solutions, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base, the effects of global economic conditions, or reductions in our customers&#8217; spending levels. Our growth also depends in part on our ability to sell more subscriptions and additional professional services to our current customers. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions, renew on less favorable terms or fail to add more authorized users or fail to purchase additional professional services, our revenues may decline, and our operating results would be harmed.
CONTENT_16:
&#160;We target our sales efforts at large enterprise customers. Because these customers are often making an enterprise-wide decision to deploy our services, sometimes on a global basis, we face long sales cycles, complex customer requirements, substantial upfront pre-sales costs and less predictability in completing some of our sales. Our sales cycle is generally six to nine months, but is variable and difficult to predict and can be much longer. Large enterprises often undertake a prolonged evaluation of our services, including whether they need professional services performed by us or a third party for their service management needs, and a comparison of our services to products offered by our competitors. Some of our large enterprise customers initially deploy our services on a limited basis, with no guarantee that these customers will deploy our services widely enough across their organization to justify our substantial pre-sales investment. If our sales cycle lengthens or our substantial upfront pre-sales investments do not result in sufficient subscription revenues to justify our investments, our operating results could be harmed.
CONTENT_17:
Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to protect our proprietary rights. We have recently begun to seek patent protection for our technology. We may not be successful in obtaining patent protection, and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our services are available. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate.  We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We have, and in the future may, initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us, divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel and may result in counter-claims with respect to infringement of intellectual property rights by us. If we are unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property, or are required to incur substantial expenses in defending our intellectual property rights, our business and operating results may be harmed.
CONTENT_18:
&#160;There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our success depends in part on not infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may cover some or all of our technology or services.  From time to time, our competitors or other third parties may claim that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon such rights. 13&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;For example, on February 6, 2014, Hewlett-Packard Company filed a lawsuit against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California that alleges that some of our services infringe the claims of eight of Hewlett-Packard's patents.  Hewlett-Packard is seeking unspecified damages and an injunction. We filed an answer to the complaint on March 28, 2014 denying the allegations and asserting various affirmative defenses.&#160;The court held case management conferences on June 26, 2014, September 4, 2014 and February 5, 2015.  The parties are currently conducting discovery.&#160;Hewlett-Packard served infringement contentions on July 3, 2014 and November 18, 2014. We served invalidity contentions on January 9, 2015. A claim construction hearing is scheduled for June 12, 2015. Trial is currently scheduled to begin on May 16, 2016. We have filed petitions for inter partes&#32;review of all eight asserted patents with the United States Patent and Trademark Office.On September 23, 2014, BMC Software, Inc. filed a lawsuit against us in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas that alleges that some of our services willfully infringe the claims of seven of BMC&#8217;s patents.&#160; BMC is seeking unspecified damages and an injunction. Motions to dismiss and transfer venue are currently pending. BMC served infringement contentions on January 6, 2015. Our invalidity contentions are due March 3, 2015. A claim construction hearing is scheduled for July 10, 2015. Trial is currently scheduled to begin on March 14, 2016.We intend to vigorously defend these lawsuits.  These litigation matters are still in their early stages and the final outcome, including our liability, if any, with respect to the claims in the lawsuits, is uncertain. If an unfavorable outcome were to occur in either litigation, the impact could be material to our business, financial condition, cash flow or results of operations, depending on the specific circumstances of the outcome.Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our services, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers or business partners in connection with any such litigation and to obtain licenses, modify our services or refund fees. Such disputes could also cause an adverse impact to our customer satisfaction and related renewal rates and could cause us to lose potential sales. Even if we were to prevail in the event of claims or litigation against us, any claim or litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations and harm our operating results.
CONTENT_19:
&#160;A significant portion of the technologies licensed or developed by us incorporate open source software and we may incorporate open source software into other services in the future. We attempt to monitor our use of open source software in an effort to avoid subjecting our services to adverse licensing conditions. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts have been or will be successful. There is little or no legal precedent governing the interpretation of the terms of open source licenses, and therefore the potential impact of these terms on our business is uncertain and enforcement of these terms may result in unanticipated obligations regarding our services and technologies. For example, depending on which open source license governs open source software included within our services or technologies, we may be subjected to conditions requiring us to offer our services to users at no cost; make available the source code for modifications and derivative works based upon, incorporating or using the open source software; and license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license.  Moreover, if an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal costs defending ourselves against such allegations, be subject to significant damages or be enjoined from the distribution of our services.
CONTENT_20:
&#160;We are continuing to expand worldwide and have recently significantly expanded our presence in Brazil and Asia. We have made and will continue to make substantial investments as we enter these and other new geographic markets. These include investments in data centers and cloud-based infrastructure, sales, marketing and administrative personnel and facilities. Often we must make these investments when it is still unclear whether future sales in the new market will justify the investments. In addition, these investments may be more expensive than we initially anticipate.  If our required investments are greater than anticipated, or if our customer growth does not meet our expectations, our financial results will be negatively impacted.&#160;14
CONTENT_21:
&#160;Because we sell our services throughout the world, we are subject to risks and challenges that we would otherwise not face if we conducted our business only in North America. Sales outside of North America represented 32%&#32;of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2014, and we intend to continue to expand our international sales efforts. Our business and future prospects depend on increasing our international sales as a percentage of our total revenues, and the failure to grow internationally will harm our business. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside North America are different in some ways from those associated with sales in North America and we have a limited history addressing those risks and meeting those challenges. Furthermore, the business conduct and ethical standards of many other countries, including the emerging market countries that we are expanding into, are substantially different and much less rigorous than the United States.  The risks and challenges inherent with international sales include:&#160;&#8226;foreign currency fluctuations which may cause exchange and translation losses; &#8226;compliance with multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, competition, privacy and data protection laws and regulations;&#8226;compliance by us and our business partners with international bribery and corruption laws, including the UK Bribery Act and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;&#8226;the risk that illegal or unethical activities of our business partners will be attributed to or result in liability to us;&#8226;compliance with regional data privacy laws that apply to the transmission of our customers&#8217; data across international borders, many of which are stricter than the equivalent U.S. laws;&#8226;difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;&#8226;different or lesser protection of our intellectual property;longer and potentially more complex sales cycles;&#8226;longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties;&#8226;treatment of revenues from international sources and changes to tax codes, including being subject to foreign tax laws and being liable for paying withholding, income or other taxes in foreign jurisdictions;&#8226;different pricing and distribution environments;&#8226;local business practices and cultural norms that may favor local competitors;&#8226;localization of our services, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; and&#8226;regional economic and political conditions.Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations.
CONTENT_22:
&#160;A portion of our sales are to governmental agencies. Additionally, many of our current and prospective customers, such as those in the financial services and health care industries, are highly regulated and may be required to comply with more stringent regulations in connection with subscribing to and implementing our services. Selling to these entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will successfully complete a sale.  Furthermore, engaging in sales activities to foreign governments introduces additional compliance risks specific to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and other similar statutory requirements prohibiting bribery and corruption in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Government and highly regulated entities often require contract terms that differ from our standard arrangements and impose compliance requirements that are complicated, require preferential pricing or &#8220;most favored nation&#8221; terms and conditions, or are otherwise time consuming and expensive to satisfy. If we undertake to meet special standards or requirements and do not meet them, we could be subject to increased liability from our customers or regulators. Even if we do meet them, the additional costs associated with providing our services to government and highly regulated customers could harm our margins. Moreover, changes in the underlying regulatory conditions that affect these types of customers could harm our ability to efficiently provide our services to them and to grow or maintain our customer base.15
CONTENT_23:
We generally recognize revenues from customers ratably over the terms of their subscriptions. As a result, most of the revenues we report in each quarter are derived from the recognition of deferred revenues relating to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any single quarter will likely have only a small, and perhaps no apparent, impact on our revenue results for that quarter. Such a decline, however, will negatively affect our revenues in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our services, and potential changes in our rate of renewals may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenues through additional sales in any period, as revenues from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription term. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to reflect the changes in revenues.
CONTENT_24:
&#160;We conduct significant transactions, including revenue transactions and intercompany transactions, in currencies other than the U.S. dollar or the functional operating currency of the transactional entities. In addition, our international subsidiaries maintain significant net assets that are denominated in currencies other than the functional operating currencies of these entities. Accordingly, changes in the value of currencies relative to the U.S. dollar can affect our consolidated revenues and operating results due to transactional and translational remeasurement that is reflected in our earnings. For example, the U.S. dollar has recently begun to strengthen relative to the Euro and other currencies.  If this trend continues, it would have a negative impact on our consolidated revenues.  It is particularly difficult to forecast any impact from exchange rate movements, so there is a risk that unanticipated currency fluctuations could adversely affect our results or cause our results to differ from investor expectations or our own guidance in any future periods.We do not currently maintain a program to hedge transactional exposures in foreign currencies. However, in the future, we may use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments.  &#160;
CONTENT_25:
&#160;We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of earnings and losses in differing jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses as a result of acquisitions, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in federal, state or international tax laws and accounting principles. Increases in our effective tax rate would reduce our profitability or in some cases increase our losses.&#160;In addition, we may be subject to income tax audits by tax jurisdictions throughout the world, many of which have not established clear guidance on the tax treatment of cloud-based companies. Although we believe our income tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period.
CONTENT_26:
&#160;The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us, among other things, to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually and disclosure controls and procedures quarterly. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to audit the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section&#160;404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act annually. Our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Moreover, our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal material weaknesses. If material weaknesses are identified or we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section&#160;404 in a timely manner, our reported financial results could be materially misstated or could subsequently require restatement, we could receive an adverse opinion regarding our internal control over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm, we could be subject to investigations or sanctions by regulatory authorities and we could incur substantial expenses.16
CONTENT_27:
&#160;Federal, state or foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws and regulations affecting data privacy, the use of the Internet as a commercial medium, and data sovereignty requirements concerning the location of data centers that store and process data. Industry organizations also regularly adopt and advocate for new standards in this area. For instance, we believe increased regulation is likely in the area of data privacy, and changing laws, regulations and standards applying to the solicitation, collection, processing or use of personal or consumer information could affect our customers&#8217; ability to use and share data, potentially restricting our ability to store, process and share data with our customers in connection with providing our services. In addition, government agencies or private organizations may begin to impose taxes, fees or other charges for accessing the Internet, commerce conducted via the Internet or validation that particular processes follow the latest standards. These changes could limit the viability of Internet-based services such as ours. If we are not able to adjust to changing laws, regulations and standards related to the Internet, our business may be harmed.
CONTENT_28:
&#160;Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, flooding, fire, power shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, could decrease demand for our services, and would cause us to incur substantial expense. Our insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses or additional expense that we may sustain in connection with any natural disaster.  The majority of our research and development activities, corporate offices, information technology systems, and other critical business operations are located near major seismic faults in California. Customer data could be lost, significant recovery time could be required to resume operations and our financial condition and operating results could be harmed in the event of a major natural disaster or catastrophic event.
CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:
The Notes will rank senior in right of payment to any of our indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; equal in right of payment to any of our liabilities that are not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of our secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of our subsidiaries. In the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization or other winding up, our assets that secure debt ranking senior in right of payment to the Notes will be available to pay obligations on the Notes only after the secured debt has been repaid in full from these assets, and the assets of our subsidiaries will be available to pay obligations on the Notes only after all claims senior to the Notes have been repaid in full. There may not be sufficient assets remaining to pay amounts due on any or all of the Notes then outstanding. The indenture governing the Notes does not prohibit us from incurring additional senior debt or secured debt, nor does it prohibit any of our current or future subsidiaries from incurring additional liabilities.As of December 31, 2014, we and our subsidiaries had $443.8 million&#32;in consolidated indebtedness, and our subsidiaries had $162.8 million&#32;of liabilities (including trade payables but excluding intercompany obligations and liabilities of a type not required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP) to which the Notes would have been structurally subordinated. 17
CONTENT_32:
We expect that many investors in, and potential purchasers of, the Notes will employ, or seek to employ, a convertible arbitrage strategy with respect to the Notes. Investors would typically implement such a strategy by selling short the common stock underlying the Notes and dynamically adjusting their short position while continuing to hold the Notes. Investors may also implement this type of strategy by entering into swaps on our common stock in lieu of or in addition to short selling the common stock.The SEC and other regulatory and self-regulatory authorities have implemented various rules and taken certain actions, and may in the future adopt additional rules and take other actions, that may impact those engaging in short selling activity involving equity securities (including our common stock). Such rules and actions include Rule 201 of SEC Regulation SHO, the adoption by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. and the national securities exchanges of a &#8220;Limit Up-Limit Down&#8221; program, the imposition of market-wide circuit breakers that halt trading of securities for certain periods following specific market declines, and the implementation of certain regulatory reforms required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. Any governmental or regulatory action that restricts the ability of investors in, or potential purchasers of, the Notes to effect short sales of our common stock, borrow our common stock or enter into swaps on our common stock could adversely affect the trading price and the liquidity of the Notes.
CONTENT_33:
We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our future debt instruments, some of which may be secured debt. We are not restricted under the terms of the indenture governing the Notes from incurring additional debt, securing existing or future debt, recapitalizing our debt or taking a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the indenture governing the Notes that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on the Notes when due.
CONTENT_34:
Holders of the Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion of the Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Notes being converted. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of Notes surrendered therefor or pay cash with respect to Notes being converted.In addition, our ability to repurchase or to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes may be limited by law, regulatory authority or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture or to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. A default under the indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. Moreover, the occurrence of a fundamental change under the indenture could constitute an event of default under any such agreements. If the payment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes.
CONTENT_35:
In the event the conditional conversion feature of the Notes is triggered, holders of Notes will be entitled to convert the Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital.18
CONTENT_36:
In May 2008, FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. APB 14-1, Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments That May Be Settled in Cash upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement), which has subsequently been codified as Accounting Standards Codification 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options (&#8220;ASC 470-20&#8221;). Under ASC 470-20, an entity must separately account for the liability and equity components of the convertible debt instruments (such as the Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion in a manner that reflects the issuer&#8217;s economic interest cost. The effect of ASC 470-20 on the accounting for the Notes is that the equity component is required to be included in the additional paid-in capital section of stockholders&#8217; equity on our consolidated balance sheet at the issuance date and the value of the equity component would be treated as debt discount for purposes of accounting for the debt component of the Notes. As a result, we are required to record a greater amount of non-cash interest expense as a result of the amortization of the discounted carrying value of the Notes to their face amount over the term of the Notes. We will report lower net income (or larger net losses) in our financial results because ASC 470-20 requires interest to include both the amortization of the debt discount and the instrument&#8217;s non-convertible coupon interest rate, which could adversely affect our future financial results, the trading price of our common stock and the trading price of the Notes.
CONTENT_37:
Holders of Notes will not be entitled to any rights with respect to our common stock (including, without limitation, voting rights and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on our common stock) prior to the conversion date relating to such Notes (if we have elected to settle the relevant conversion by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share)) or the last trading day of the relevant observation period (if we elect to pay and deliver, as the case may be, a combination of cash and shares of our common stock in respect of the relevant conversion), but holders of Notes will be subject to all changes affecting our common stock. For example, if an amendment is proposed to our restated certificate of incorporation or restated bylaws requiring stockholder approval and the record date for determining the stockholders of record entitled to vote on the amendment occurs prior to the conversion date related to a holder&#8217;s conversion of its Notes (if we have elected to settle the relevant conversion by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share)) or the last trading day of the relevant observation period (if we elect to pay and deliver, as the case may be, a combination of cash and shares of our common stock in respect of the relevant conversion), such holder will not be entitled to vote on the amendment, although such holder will nevertheless be subject to any changes affecting our common stock.
CONTENT_38:
Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding July 1, 2018, holders of our Notes may convert their Notes only if specified conditions are met. If the specific conditions for conversion are not met, holders will not be able to convert their Notes, and they may not be able to receive the value of the cash, common stock or a combination of cash and common stock, as applicable, into which their Notes would otherwise be convertible.
CONTENT_39:
Under the Notes, a converting holder will be exposed to fluctuations in the value of our common stock during the period from the date such holder surrenders Notes for conversion until the date we settle our conversion obligation.19Upon conversion of the Notes, we have the option to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock. If we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation in cash or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, the amount of consideration that a note holder will receive upon conversion of such holder&#8217;s Notes will be determined by reference to the volume weighted average prices of our common stock for each trading day in a 30 trading-day observation period. This period would be: (i) if the relevant conversion date occurs prior to July 1, 2018, the 30 consecutive trading days beginning on, and including, the second trading day immediately succeeding such conversion date; and (ii) if the relevant conversion date occurs during the period from, and including, July 1, 2018 to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding November 1, 2018, the 30 consecutive trading days beginning on, and including, the 32nd scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. Accordingly, if the price of our common stock decreases during this period, the amount and/or value of consideration note holders receive will be adversely affected. In addition, if the market price of our common stock at the end of such period is below the average of the daily volume weighted average prices of our common stock during such period, the value of any shares of our common stock that note holders will receive in satisfaction of our conversion obligation will be less than the value used to determine the number of shares that holders will receive.If we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation solely in shares of our common stock upon conversion of the Notes, we will be required to deliver the shares of our common stock, together with cash for any fractional share, on the third business day following the relevant conversion date (or, for conversions occurring on or after July 1, 2018, on the maturity date). Accordingly, if the price of our common stock decreases during this period, the value of the shares that holders receive will be adversely affected and would be less than the conversion value of the Notes on the conversion date.
CONTENT_40:
The indenture governing the Notes does not contain any financial or operating covenants or restrictions on the payments of dividends, the incurrence of indebtedness or the issuance or repurchase of securities by us or any of our subsidiaries. The indenture contains no covenants or other provisions to afford protection to holders of the Notes in the event of a fundamental change or other corporate transaction involving us except in certain cases described in the indenture connected with fundamental changes, consolidations, mergers or sales of assets.
CONTENT_41:
If a make-whole fundamental change occurs prior to maturity, under certain circumstances, we will increase the conversion rate by a number of additional shares of our common stock for Notes converted in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. The increase in the conversion rate will be determined based on the date on which the specified corporate transaction becomes effective and the price paid (or deemed to be paid) per share of our common stock in such transaction. The increase in the conversion rate for Notes converted in connection with a make-whole fundamental change may not adequately compensate holders for any lost value of the Notes as a result of such transaction. In addition, if the price of our common stock in the transaction is greater than $250.00 per share or less than $53.73 per share (in each case, subject to adjustment), no additional shares will be added to the conversion rate. Moreover, in no event will the conversion rate per $1,000 principal amount of Notes as a result of this adjustment exceed 18.6115 shares of common stock, subject to adjustment in the same manner as the conversion rate.Our obligation to increase the conversion rate for Notes converted in connection with a make-whole fundamental change could be considered a penalty, in which case the enforceability thereof would be subject to general principles of reasonableness and equitable remedies.
CONTENT_42:
The conversion rate of the Notes is subject to adjustment for certain events, including, but not limited to, the issuance of certain stock dividends on our common stock, the issuance of certain rights or warrants, subdivisions, combinations, distributions of capital stock, indebtedness, or assets, cash dividends and certain issuer tender or exchange offers. However, the conversion rate will not be adjusted for other events, such as a third-party tender or exchange offer or an issuance of common stock for cash, that may adversely affect the trading price of the Notes or our common stock. An event that adversely affects the value of the Notes may occur, and that event may not result in an adjustment to the conversion rate.20
CONTENT_43:
If a fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date of the Notes, holders of the Notes will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes. In addition, if a make-whole fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date of the Notes, we will in some cases be required to increase the conversion rate for a holder that elects to convert its Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. Furthermore, the indenture for the Notes prohibits us from engaging in certain mergers or acquisitions unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the Notes and the indenture. These and other provisions in the indenture could deter or prevent a third party from acquiring us even when the acquisition may be favorable to note holders.
CONTENT_44:
Upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, note holders have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of the Notes. However, the fundamental change provisions will not afford protection to holders of Notes in the event of other transactions that could adversely affect the Notes. For example, transactions such as leveraged recapitalizations, refinancings, restructurings, or acquisitions initiated by us may not constitute a fundamental change requiring us to offer to repurchase the Notes. In the event of any such transaction, the holders would not have the right to require us to repurchase the Notes, even though each of these transactions could increase the amount of our indebtedness, or otherwise adversely affect our capital structure or any credit ratings, thereby adversely affecting the holders of Notes.In addition, absent the occurrence of a fundamental change or a make-whole fundamental change, changes in the composition of our board of directors will not provide holders with the right to require us to repurchase the Notes or to an increase in the conversion rate upon conversion.
CONTENT_45:
The Notes and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes, if any, have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, or any state securities laws. Unless the Notes and any shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes have been registered, they may not be transferred or resold except in a transaction exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. We do not intend to file a registration statement for the resale of the Notes and the common stock, if any, into which the Notes are convertible.
CONTENT_46:
We have not listed and do not intend to apply to list the Notes on any securities exchange or to arrange for quotation on any automated dealer quotation system. Moreover, the initial purchasers of the Notes may cease making a market in the Notes at any time without notice.  In addition, the liquidity of the trading market in the Notes, and the market price quoted for the Notes, may be adversely affected by changes in the overall market for this type of security and by changes in our financial performance or prospects or in the prospects for companies in our industry generally. As a result, we cannot assure note holders that there will be an active trading market for the Notes. If an active trading market is not maintained, the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. In that case, note holders might not be able to sell the Notes at a particular time or at a favorable price.
CONTENT_47:
We have not obtained and do not intend to seek a rating on the Notes. However, if a rating service were to rate the Notes and if such rating service were to lower its rating on the Notes below the rating initially assigned to the Notes or otherwise announces its intention to put the Notes on credit watch, the trading price of the Notes could decline.21
CONTENT_48:
The conversion rate of the Notes is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances, including the payment of cash dividends. If the conversion rate is adjusted as a result of a distribution that is taxable to our common stockholders, such as a cash dividend, note holders may be deemed to have received a dividend subject to U.S. federal income tax without the receipt of any cash. In addition, a failure to adjust (or to adjust adequately) the conversion rate after an event that increases a note holder&#8217;s proportionate interest in us could be treated as a deemed taxable dividend to such note holder. If a make-whole fundamental change occurs prior to maturity, under some circumstances, we will increase the conversion rate for Notes converted in connection with the make-whole fundamental change. Such increase may also be treated as a distribution subject to U.S. federal income tax as a dividend. If a holder is a non-U.S. holder, any deemed dividend generally would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a 30% rate, or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable treaty, which may be set off against subsequent payments on the Notes.
CONTENT_49:
In the future, we may sell additional shares of our common stock to raise capital. In addition, a substantial number of shares of our common stock is reserved for issuance upon the exercise of stock options, the vesting of restricted stock, settlement of restricted stock units and issuance of performance shares pursuant to our employee benefit plans, for purchase by employees under our employee stock purchase plan, upon conversion of the Notes and in relation to the warrant transactions we entered into in connection with the pricing of the Notes. We cannot predict the size of future issuances or the effect, if any, that they may have on the market price for our common stock. The issuance and sale of substantial amounts of common stock, or the perception that such issuances and sales may occur, could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes and the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities.
CONTENT_50:
In connection with the sale of the Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge ("Note Hedge") transactions with certain financial institutions (the &#8220;option counterparties&#8221;). We also entered into warrant transactions with the option counterparties pursuant to which we sold warrants for the purchase of our common stock ("Warrants"). The Note Hedge transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be. The warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the strike price of the Warrants.The option counterparties and/or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of Notes or following any repurchase of Notes by us on any fundamental change repurchase date or otherwise). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the Notes, which could affect note holders&#8217; ability to convert the Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a conversion of Notes, it could affect the amount and value of the consideration that note holders will receive upon conversion of the Notes.The potential effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the market price of our common stock or the Notes will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our common stock and the value of the Notes (and as a result, the value of the consideration, the amount of cash and/or the number of shares, if any, that note holders would receive upon the conversion of any Notes) and, under certain circumstances, the ability of the note holders to convert the Notes.We do not make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any potential effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the Notes or our common stock. In addition, we do not make any representation that the option counterparties will engage in these transactions or that these transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice.22
CONTENT_51:
The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that any or all of them may default under the Note Hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. Recent global economic conditions have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings, with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under our transactions with that option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties.
CONTENT_52:
&#160;
CONTENT_53:
The trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Since shares of our common stock were sold in our initial public offering in June 2012 at a price of $18.00 per share, our stock price has ranged from $22.62&#32;to $71.80&#32;through December 31, 2014. In addition, the trading prices of the securities of technology companies in general have been highly volatile, and the volatility in market price and trading volume of securities is often unrelated or disproportionate to the financial performance of the companies issuing the securities. Factors affecting the market price of our common stock include:&#160;&#8226;variations in our growth rate, operating results, earnings per share, cash flows from operating activities, deferred revenue, and other financial metrics and non-financial metrics, and how those results compare to analyst expectations;&#8226;forward-looking statements related to future revenues and earnings per share;&#8226;the net increases in the number of customers, either independently or as compared with published expectations of industry, financial or other analysts that cover our company;&#8226;changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock;&#8226;announcements of technological innovations, new solutions or enhancements to services, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our competitors;&#8226;announcements regarding our efforts to expand our offerings for service domains outside of IT, and offerings for small and medium-sized businesses;&#8226;announcements by us or by our competitors of mergers or other strategic acquisitions, or rumors of such transactions involving us or our competitors;&#8226;announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases;&#8226;recruitment or departure of key personnel;&#8226;disruptions in our services due to computer hardware, software or network problems, security breaches, or other man-made or natural disasters;&#8226;the economy as a whole, and market conditions in our industry and the industries of our customers;&#8226;trading activity by a limited number of stockholders who together beneficially own a majority of our outstanding common stock;&#8226;the size of our market float and the volume of trading in our common stock, including sales upon exercise of outstanding options or vesting of equity awards or sales and purchases of any common stock issued upon conversion of the Notes or in connection with the Note Hedge and Warrant transactions relating to the Notes; and&#8226;any other factors discussed herein.23In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences uneven investor confidence, the market price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The market price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industry even if these events do not directly affect us.  A decrease in the market price of our common stock would likely adversely impact the trading price of our Notes. The price of our common stock could also be affected by possible sales of our common stock by investors who view the Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in us and by hedging or arbitrage trading activity that we expect to develop involving our common stock. This trading activity could, in turn, affect the trading price of the Notes. Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we are the subject of such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management&#8217;s attention and resources.
CONTENT_54:
&#160;We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock may be prohibited or limited by the terms of any future debt financing arrangement. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our stock price.&#160;
CONTENT_55:
&#160;As of December 31, 2014, our directors and executive officers and their respective affiliates beneficially owned in the aggregate approximately 11%&#32;of our outstanding voting stock. Together, these stockholders have the ability to influence us through this ownership position. For example, these stockholders may be able to influence elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or the approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders.&#160;
CONTENT_56:
&#160;Our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our common stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions among other things:&#160;&#8226;establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time;&#8226;permit the board of directors to establish the number of directors;&#8226;provide that directors may only be removed &#8220;for cause&#8221; and only with the approval of 66 2/3% of our stockholders;&#8226;require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws;&#8226;authorize the issuance of &#8220;blank check&#8221; preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan;&#8226;eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders;&#8226;prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders;&#8226;provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our restated bylaws; and&#8226;establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings.In addition, Section&#160;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section&#160;203 imposes certain restrictions on merger, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15% or more of our common stock.Further, the fundamental change provisions of our Notes may delay or prevent a change in control of our company, because those provisions allow note holders to require us to repurchase such notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture for the Notes).24<hr style="page-break-after:always"
