HEADER_1:
We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes.
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
HEADER_3:
We expect our revenue growth rate to decline, but we may not accurately predict the rate or magnitude of such decline. Our capacity is largely driven by production factors such as facilities, data centers and a trained workforce that require long term investments and expense commitments which we cannot easily adjust in the short term. As our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to generate or sustain profitability or positive cash flow from operations.
HEADER_4:
Our quarterly results may fluctuate, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors or our previously issued financial guidance, or if any forward-looking financial guidance we give does not meet the expectation of analysts or investors, our stock price could decline substantially.
HEADER_5:
We face cyber-security risks, including but not limited to, unauthorized use or disclosure of customer data, theft of proprietary information, denial of service attacks, loss or corruption of customer data, and computer hacking attacks.  If any of these risks occur, our reputation may be harmed, our services may be perceived as not secure, we may lose prospective customers, existing customers may curtail or stop using our services, our ability to operate our business may be impaired, and we may incur significant liabilities.
HEADER_6:
Disruptions in our services could damage our customers’ businesses, subject us to substantial liability and harm our reputation and financial results.
HEADER_7:
We depend on our senior management team and if we lose key employees or are unable to attract and retain the employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_8:
If we are not able to enhance our existing service, develop new applications and promote our services for the development of custom applications, our business and operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_9:
We may not timely and effectively scale and adapt our technology to meet our customers’ performance and other requirements.
HEADER_10:
The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_11:
We may acquire or invest in companies, which may divert our management’s attention, and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions or investments.
HEADER_12:
If the market for our technology delivery model develops more slowly than we expect, our growth may slow or stall, and our operating results would be harmed.
HEADER_13:
Failure to effectively expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our services.
HEADER_14:
Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties and their continued performance.
HEADER_15:
Our business depends substantially on our existing customers purchasing additional subscriptions from us, and renewing their subscriptions upon expiration of the subscription term. Any decline in customer additional purchases or renewals would harm our operating results.
HEADER_16:
Because our sales efforts are targeted at large enterprise customers, we face longer sales cycles, substantial upfront pre-sales costs and less predictability in completing some of our sales. If our sales cycle lengthens, or if our sales investments do not result in sufficient sales, our operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_17:
We may be unable to develop or obtain intellectual property that provides us with a competitive advantage or prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property.  Defending our intellectual property may result in substantial expenses that harm our operating results.
HEADER_18:
We have been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights.
HEADER_19:
Our use of open source software could harm our ability to sell our services and subject us to possible litigation.
HEADER_20:
We need to continue to invest in the growth of our worldwide operations by opening new geographic markets. If our required investments in these markets are greater than anticipated, or if our customer growth in these markets does not meet our expectations, our financial results will be negatively impacted.
HEADER_21:
Sales to customers outside North America expose us to risks inherent in international sales.
HEADER_22:
A portion of our revenues are generated by sales to government entities and heavily regulated organizations, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
HEADER_23:
Because we recognize revenues from our subscription service over the subscription term, downturns or upturns in new sales and renewals will not be immediately reflected in our operating results.
HEADER_24:
We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
HEADER_25:
Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate could harm our future results.
HEADER_26:
If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected.
HEADER_27:
Changes in laws, regulations and standards related to the Internet may cause our business to suffer.
HEADER_28:
Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could harm our business.
HEADER_29:
Weakened global economic conditions may harm our industry, business and results of operations.
HEADER_30:
Risks Related to Our 0% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018 (the "Notes")
HEADER_31:
Although the Notes are referred to as convertible senior notes, they are effectively subordinated to any of our secured debt and any liabilities of our subsidiaries.
HEADER_32:
Recent and future regulatory actions and other events may adversely affect the trading price and liquidity of the Notes.
HEADER_33:
We may still incur substantially more debt or take other actions which would diminish our ability to make payments on the Notes when due.
HEADER_34:
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes in cash or to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Notes.
HEADER_35:
The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
HEADER_36:
The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results.
HEADER_37:
Holders of Notes will not be entitled to any rights with respect to our common stock, but they will be subject to all changes made with respect to them to the extent our conversion obligation includes shares of our common stock.
HEADER_38:
The conditional conversion feature of the Notes could result in note holders receiving less than the value of our common stock into which the Notes would otherwise be convertible.
HEADER_39:
Upon conversion of the Notes, note holders may receive less valuable consideration than expected because the value of our common stock may decline after holders exercise their conversion right but before we settle our conversion obligation.
HEADER_40:
The Notes are not protected by restrictive covenants.
HEADER_41:
The increase in the conversion rate for Notes converted in connection with a make-whole fundamental change may not adequately compensate holders of the Notes for any lost value of the Notes as a result of such transaction.
HEADER_42:
The conversion rate of the Notes may not be adjusted for all dilutive events.
HEADER_43:
Provisions in the indenture for the Notes may deter or prevent a business combination that may be favorable to note holders.
HEADER_44:
Some significant restructuring transactions may not constitute a fundamental change, in which case we would not be obligated to offer to repurchase the Notes.
HEADER_45:
We have not registered the Notes or the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes, if any, which will limit the ability of note holders to resell them.
HEADER_46:
We cannot guarantee an active trading market for the Notes.
HEADER_47:
Any adverse rating of the Notes may cause their trading price to fall.
HEADER_48:
Note holders may be subject to tax if we make or fail to make certain adjustments to the conversion rate of the Notes even though note holders do not receive a corresponding cash distribution.
HEADER_49:
Future sales of our common stock in the public market could lower the market price for our common stock and adversely impact the trading price of the Notes.
HEADER_50:
The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of the Notes and our common stock.
HEADER_51:
We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Note Hedge transactions.
HEADER_52:
Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
HEADER_53:
The market price of our common stock has historically been and is likely to continue to be volatile, could adversely impact the trading price of the Notes and could subject us to litigation.
HEADER_54:
We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to changes in the value of our common stock.
HEADER_55:
Our directors and executive officers beneficially own a significant percentage of our stock and are able to exert control over matters subject to stockholder approval.
HEADER_56:
Provisions in our charter documents, Delaware law and our Notes might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock.
