HEADER_1:
TEM 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
Fluctuations in our operating results on a quarterly and annual basis could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to 
HEADER_3:
Achieving design wins is subject to lengthy competitive selection processes that require us to incur significant costs. Even if we begin a product design, a customer may decide to cancel or change its product plans, res
HEADER_4:
ulting in no revenue from such expenditures.
HEADER_5:
If we fail to develop and introduce new or enhanced solutions on a timely basis, our ability to attract and retain customers could be impaired and our competitive position could be harmed.
HEADER_6:
We do not have long-term supply contracts with our third-party manufacturing vendors, and they may not allocate sufficient capacity to us at reasonable prices to meet future demands for our solutions.
HEADER_7:
If we do not sustain our growth rate, we may not be able to execute our business plan and our operating results could suffer.
HEADER_8:
We may experience difficult
HEADER_9:
ies demonstrating the value to customers of newer, higher priced and higher margin solutions if they believe existing solutions are adequate to meet end customer expectations.
HEADER_10:
We outsource our wafer fabrication, assembly and testing operations
HEADER_11:
 to third parties, and if these parties fail to produce and deliver our products according to requested demands in specification, quantity, cost and time, our reputation, customer relationships and operating results could suffer.
HEADER_12:
We rely on third-party vendors to supply software development tools to us for the development of our new products, and we may be unable to obtain the tools necessary to develop or enhance new or existi
HEADER_13:
Third parties’ assertions of infringement of their intellectual property rights 
HEADER_14:
could result in our having to incur significant costs and cause our operating results to suffer.
HEADER_15:
A breach of our security systems may have a material adverse effect on o
HEADER_16:
We, our customers and third-party contractors are subject to increasi
HEADER_17:
ngly complex environmental regulations and compliance with these regulations may delay or interrupt our operations and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_18:
Rapidly changing industry standards could make our video and image processing solutions obsolete, which would cause our operating results to suffer.
HEADER_19:
Some of our operations and a significant portion of our customers and our subcontractors are located outside of the United States, which subjects us to additional risks, incl
HEADER_20:
uding increased complexity and costs of managing international operations and geopolitical instability.
HEADER_21:
ons are interrupted, our business and reputation could suffer.
HEADER_22:
Unfavorable tax law changes, an unfavora
HEADER_23:
ble governmental review of our tax returns, changes in our geographical earnings mix or imposition of withholding taxes on repatriated earnings could adversely affect our effective tax rate and our operating results.
HEADER_24:
Fluctuations in exchange rates between and among the currencies of the countries in which we do business may adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_25:
Our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance and investor expectations, which would likely cause our stock price to decline.
