HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
The following discussion is divided into three sections. The first section, which begins immediately following this paragraph, discusses some of the risks that may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The second section, captioned “Risks Related to the Separation and Our Operation as an Independent Publicly Traded Company,” discusses some of the risks relating to our separation into an independent publicly traded company. The third section, captioned “Risks Related to Our Common Stock,” discusses some of the risks relating to an investment in our Common Stock. You should carefully review all of these sections for important information regarding risks and uncertainties that affect us, in addition to the other information appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business.
HEADER_3:
If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
HEADER_4:
Risk Factors That May Affect Our Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition
HEADER_5:
Substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the global payments industry may harm our business.
HEADER_6:
Substantially all of our net revenues each quarter come primarily from transactions involving payments during that quarter, which may result in significant fluctuations in our operating results that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as the trading price of our common stock.
HEADER_7:
Global and regional economic conditions could harm our business.
HEADER_8:
If we cannot keep pace with rapid technological developments to provide new and innovative products and services, the use of our products and services and, consequently, our revenues could decline.
HEADER_9:
Changes in how consumers fund their PayPal transactions could harm our business.
HEADER_10:
Our business is subject to cyberattacks and security and privacy breaches.
HEADER_11:
Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our websites, applications, products or services could harm our business.
HEADER_12:
Changes to payment card networks or bank fees, rules, or practices could harm our business.
HEADER_13:
Failure to deal effectively with fraud, fictitious transactions, bad transactions, and negative customer experiences would increase our loss rate and harm our business, and could severely diminish merchant and consumer confidence in and use of our services.
HEADER_14:
We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
HEADER_15:
Any factors that reduce cross-border trade or make such trade more difficult could harm our business.
HEADER_16:
The United Kingdom’s departure from the EU could adversely affect us.
HEADER_17:
Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight, as well as extensive, complex, overlapping and frequently changing rules, regulations and legal interpretations.
HEADER_18:
If one or more of our counterparty financial institutions default on their financial or performance obligations to us or fail, we may incur significant losses.
HEADER_19:
PayPal is not a bank or licensed lender in the U.S. and relies upon third parties to make loans and provide other products critical to our business.
HEADER_20:
Our credit products expose us to additional risks.
HEADER_21:
Our business may be impacted by political events, war, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters and other business interruptions.
HEADER_22:
Changes to our buyer and seller protection programs could increase our loss rate.
HEADER_23:
Our international operations are subject to increased risks, which could harm our business.
HEADER_24:
We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates.
HEADER_25:
Use of our payments services for illegal purposes could harm our business.
HEADER_26:
Our failure to manage our customer funds and the assets underlying our customer funds properly could harm our business.
HEADER_27:
We are subject to regulatory activity and antitrust litigation under competition laws.
HEADER_28:
We are subject to patent litigation.
HEADER_29:
We may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, or third parties may allege that we are infringing their intellectual property rights.
HEADER_30:
We are regularly subject to general litigation, regulatory disputes, and government inquiries.
HEADER_31:
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
HEADER_32:
We and our merchants may be subject to sales reporting and record-keeping obligations.
HEADER_33:
Acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic investments, and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties and could harm our business.
HEADER_34:
We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk.
HEADER_35:
Our developer platforms, which are open to merchants and third-party developers, subject us to additional risks.
HEADER_36:
Our retail point of sale solutions expose us to additional risks.
HEADER_37:
Our success largely depends on key personnel. Because competition for our key employees is intense, we may not be able to attract, retain, and develop the highly skilled employees we need to support our business. The loss of key personnel could harm our business.
HEADER_38:
We are subject to risks associated with information disseminated through our products and services.
HEADER_39:
Risks Related to the Separation and Our Operation as an Independent Publicly Traded Company
HEADER_40:
If the distribution, together with certain related transactions, does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”), eBay, PayPal and eBay stockholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities and, in certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify eBay for material taxes pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement.
HEADER_41:
We may not be able to engage in desirable strategic or capital-raising transactions for a period of time following the separation. In addition, we could be liable for adverse tax consequences resulting from engaging in significant strategic or capital-raising transactions.
HEADER_42:
We have limited history of operating as an independent, publicly traded company in our current form, and our historical financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results.
HEADER_43:
eBay remains a significant source of our revenues.
HEADER_44:
eBay may fail to perform under various agreements that were executed as part of the separation or we may fail to have necessary systems and services in place when certain of the transaction agreements expire.
HEADER_45:
After the separation, certain of our directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their previous or continuing positions at eBay.
HEADER_46:
Risks Related to Our Common Stock
HEADER_47:
The price of our common stock has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate significantly.
HEADER_48:
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the state courts of the State of Delaware, or, if no state court located in the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could discourage lawsuits against us and our directors and officers.
HEADER_49:
Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may prevent or delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock.
