HEADER_1:
We are affected by factors that adversely impact the commercial aviation industry.
HEADER_2:
Our U.S. government contracts may not continue at present sales levels, which may have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_3:
We face risks of cost overruns and losses on fixed-price contracts.
HEADER_4:
Success at our airframe maintenance facilities is dependent upon continued outsourcing by the airlines.
HEADER_5:
We operate in highly competitive markets, and competitive pressures may adversely affect us.
HEADER_6:
We are subject to significant government regulation and may need to incur significant expenses to comply with
new or more stringent governmental regulation.
HEADER_7:
If we fail to comply with government procurement laws and regulations, we could lose business and be liable
for various penalties or sanctions.
HEADER_8:
A significant portion of our expeditionary airlift revenue is derived from providing expeditionary airlift
services in Afghanistan.
HEADER_9:
We are exposed to risks associated with operating internationally.
HEADER_10:
Acquisitions expose us to risks, including the risk that we may be unable to effectively integrate acquired
businesses.
HEADER_11:
Market values for our aviation products fluctuate, and we may be unable to re-lease or sell aircraft and
engines when their current leases expire.
HEADER_12:
We may need to reduce the carrying value of our assets.
HEADER_13:
We are dependent upon continued availability of financing to manage our business and to execute our business
strategy, and additional financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us.
HEADER_14:
Our existing debt includes restrictive and financial covenants.
HEADER_15:
Our industry is susceptible to product and other liability claims, and claims not adequately covered by
insurance may adversely affect our financial condition.
HEADER_16:
Our business could be negatively affected by cyber or other security threats or other disruptions.
HEADER_17:
We must comply with extensive environmental requirements, and any exposure to environmental liabilities may
adversely affect us.
HEADER_18:
We may need to make significant capital expenditures to keep pace with technological developments in our
industry.
HEADER_19:
Our operations would be adversely affected by a shortage of skilled personnel or work stoppages.
