CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:
Our business is influenced by a range of factors that are beyond our control and that we have no comparative advantage in forecasting. These include: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 general economic and business conditions;   


 
&#149;
 
 overall demand for enterprise software, cloud offerings, hardware systems and services; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 governmental budgetary constraints or shifts in government spending priorities; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 general political developments.  Macroeconomic developments like the continued slow pace of economic recovery in Europe and parts of the United States, Asia and South America could negatively affect our business, operating results,
financial condition and outlook, which, in turn, could adversely affect our stock price. Any general weakening of, and related declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the curtailment of government or corporate spending could cause
current or potential customers to reduce or eliminate their information technology (IT) budgets and spending, which could cause customers to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products and services or cause customers not to pay us or to
delay paying us for previously purchased products and services.  In addition, political unrest in places like Ukraine, Syria and Iraq and the
related potential impact on global stability, terrorist attacks and the potential for other hostilities in various parts of the world, potential public health crises and natural disasters continue to contribute to a climate of economic and political
uncertainty that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. These factors generally have the strongest effect on our sales of new software licenses, hardware systems
products, hardware systems support and related services and, to a lesser extent, also may affect our renewal rates for software license updates and product support and our subscription-based cloud offerings.
CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:
We conduct a significant number of transactions and hold cash in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Changes in the values of major foreign currencies, particularly the Euro, Japanese Yen and
British Pound, relative to the U.S. Dollar can significantly affect our total assets, revenues, operating results and cash flows, which are reported in U.S. Dollars. In particular, the economic uncertainties relating to European sovereign and
other debt obligations may cause the value of the Euro to fluctuate relative to the U.S. Dollar. Fluctuations in foreign currency rates, most notably the recent strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro, adversely affects our revenue
growth in terms of the amounts that we report in U.S. Dollars after converting our Euro-based results into U.S. Dollars and in terms of actual demand for our products and services as these products become relatively more expensive for Euro-based
enterprises to purchase. In addition, currency variations can adversely affect margins on sales of our products in countries outside of the United States. Generally, our revenues and operating results are adversely affected when the dollar
strengthens relative to other currencies and are positively affected when the dollar weakens. In addition, our reported assets generally are adversely affected when the dollar strengthens relative to other currencies as a significant portion of our
consolidated cash and bank deposits, among other assets, are held in foreign currencies. The U.S. dollar strengthened relative to other currencies, including the Euro, in fiscal 2015, which is reflected in our results. 
Certain of our international subsidiaries operate in economies that have been designated as highly inflationary. We have incurred foreign currency losses
associated with the devaluation of currencies in these highly inflationary economies relative to the U.S. Dollar and we may continue to incur such losses in these countries or other emerging market countries where we do business. 
   19 





Table of Contents

 In addition, we incur foreign currency transaction gains and losses, primarily related to sublicense fees
and other intercompany agreements among us and our subsidiaries that we expect to cash settle in the near term, which are charged against earnings in the period incurred. We have a program which primarily utilizes foreign currency forward contracts
designed to offset the risks associated with certain foreign currency exposures. We may suspend the program from time to time. As a part of this program, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts so that increases or decreases in our foreign
currency exposures are offset at least in part by gains or losses on the foreign currency forward contracts in an effort to mitigate the risks and volatility associated with our foreign currency transaction gains or losses. A large portion of our
consolidated operations are international, and we expect that we will continue to realize gains or losses with respect to our foreign currency exposures, net of gains or losses from our foreign currency forward contracts. For example, we will
experience foreign currency gains and losses in certain instances if it is not possible or cost effective to hedge our foreign currency exposures, if our hedging efforts are ineffective, or should we suspend our foreign currency forward contract
program. Our ultimate realized loss or gain with respect to currency fluctuations will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency exposures that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in
those rates, whether we have entered into foreign currency forward contracts to offset these exposures and other factors. All of these factors could materially impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
CONTENT_5:

CONTENT_6:

CONTENT_7:

CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:

CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:

CONTENT_14:

CONTENT_15:

CONTENT_16:

CONTENT_17:

CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:

CONTENT_20:
We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from, and have significant operations, outside of the United States. Our international operations include software and
hardware systems development, manufacturing, assembly, sales, customer support, consulting and other services and shared administrative service centers.  Compliance with international and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. These laws and regulations
include U.S. laws and local laws which include data privacy requirements, labor relations laws, tax laws, anti-competition regulations, prohibitions on payments to governmental officials, import and trade restrictions and export requirements.
Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could result in prohibitions on our ability to offer
our products and services in one or more countries, could delay or prevent potential acquisitions and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our
business and our operating results. Compliance with these laws requires a significant amount of management attention and effort, which may divert management&#146;s attention from running our business operations and could harm our ability to grow our
business, or may increase our expenses as we engage specialized or other additional resources to assist us with our compliance efforts. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties. We monitor
our operations and investigate allegations of improprieties relating to transactions and the way in which such transactions are recorded. Where circumstances warrant, we provide information and report our findings to government authorities, but no
assurance can be given that action will not be taken by such authorities.  We are also subject to a variety of other risks and challenges in
managing an organization operating in various countries, including those related to:   


 
&#149;
 
 general economic conditions in each country or region; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and related impacts to customer demand and our operating results; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in transferring funds from or converting currencies in certain countries such as Venezuela that have led to a devaluation of our net
assets, in particular our cash assets, in that country&#146;s currency;   


 
&#149;
 
 regulatory changes, including government austerity measures in certain countries that we may not be able to sufficiently plan for or avoid that may
unexpectedly impair bank deposits or other cash assets that we hold in these countries or that impose additional taxes that we may be required to pay in these countries; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 political unrest, terrorism and the potential for other hostilities, including those in Ukraine, Syria, Iraq and Yemen; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 natural disasters;   


 
&#149;
 
 longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 overlapping tax regimes;   


 
&#149;
 
 our ability to repatriate funds held by our foreign subsidiaries to the United States at favorable tax rates; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 public health risks, particularly in areas in which we have significant operations; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries.  The variety of risks and challenges listed above could also disrupt or otherwise negatively impact the supply chain operations for our hardware systems products segment and the sales of our products and
services in affected countries or regions.  As the majority shareholder of Oracle Financial Services Software Limited (OFSS), a publicly traded
company in India, and Oracle Corporation Japan (NOKK), a publicly traded company in Japan, we are faced with several additional risks, including being subject to local securities regulations and being unable to exert full control that we would
otherwise have if OFSS or NOKK were wholly owned subsidiaries. 
   24 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_21:

CONTENT_22:
In recent years, we have invested billions of dollars to acquire a number of companies, products, services and technologies. A selective and active acquisition program is an
important element of our overall corporate strategy and we expect to continue to make acquisitions in the future. Risks we may face in connection with our acquisition program include: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management&#146;s attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition or integration activities;
  


 
&#149;
 
 we may have difficulties (i) managing an acquired company&#146;s technologies or lines of business; (ii) entering new markets where we have
no or limited direct prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; or (iii) retaining key personnel from the acquired companies; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 an acquisition may not further our business strategy as we expected, we may not integrate an acquired company or technology as successfully as we
expected or we may overpay for, or otherwise not realize the expected return on, our investments, which could adversely affect our business or operating results and potentially cause impairment to assets that we recorded as a part of an acquisition
including intangible assets and goodwill;   


 
&#149;
 
 our operating results or financial condition may be adversely impacted by claims or liabilities that we assume from an acquired company or technology
or that are otherwise related to an acquisition, including, among others, claims from government agencies, terminated employees, current or former customers, former stockholders or other third parties; pre-existing contractual relationships of an
acquired company that we would not have otherwise entered into, the termination or modification of which may be costly or disruptive to our business; unfavorable revenue recognition or other accounting treatment as a result of an acquired
company&#146;s practices; and intellectual property claims or disputes;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may fail to identify or assess the magnitude of certain liabilities, shortcomings or other circumstances prior to acquiring a company or technology,
which could result in unexpected litigation or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting treatment, unexpected increases in taxes due, a loss of anticipated tax benefits or other adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial
condition;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may not realize the anticipated increase in our revenues from an acquisition for a number of reasons, including if a larger than predicted number of
customers decline to renew software or hardware support contracts or cloud-based subscription contracts, if we are unable to sell the acquired products or service offerings to our customer base or if contract models of an acquired company do not
allow us to recognize revenues on a timely basis;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may have difficulty incorporating acquired technologies, products, services and their related supply chain operations with our existing lines of
business and supply chain infrastructure and maintaining uniform standards, architecture, controls, procedures and policies;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may have multiple product lines or services offerings as a result of our acquisitions that are offered, priced and supported differently, which
could cause customer confusion and delays;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may have higher than anticipated costs in continuing support and development of acquired products or services, in general and administrative
functions that support new business models, or in compliance with associated regulations that are more complicated than we had anticipated;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may be unable to obtain timely approvals from, or may otherwise have certain limitations, restrictions, penalties or other sanctions imposed on us
by, worker councils or similar bodies under applicable employment laws as a result of an acquisition, which could adversely affect our integration plans in certain jurisdictions and potentially increase our integration and restructuring expenses;
  


 
&#149;
 
 we may be unable to obtain required approvals from governmental authorities under competition and antitrust laws on a timely basis, if at all, which
could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of an acquisition or have other adverse effects on our current business and operations;

   25 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 our use of cash to pay for acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of
outstanding indebtedness;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition and we
may have to delay or not proceed with a substantial acquisition if we cannot obtain the necessary funding to complete the acquisition in a timely manner or on favorable terms; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 to the extent that we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and
earnings per share may decrease; and   


 
&#149;
 
 we may experience additional or unexpected changes in how we are required to account for our acquisitions pursuant to U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles, including arrangements that we assume from an acquisition.  The occurrence of any of these risks could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, particularly in the case of a larger acquisition or several concurrent acquisitions.
CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:
We have in the past restructured or made other adjustments to
our workforce, including our direct sales force on which we rely heavily, in response to management changes, product changes, performance issues, acquisitions and other internal and external considerations. In the past, these types of sales force
restructurings have resulted in increased restructuring costs, increased sales and marketing costs and temporary reduced productivity while the sales teams adjusted to their new roles and responsibilities. In addition, we may not achieve or sustain
the expected growth or cost savings benefits of these restructurings, or do so within the expected timeframe. These effects could recur in connection with future acquisitions and other restructurings and our revenues and other results of operations
could be negatively affected.
CONTENT_25:

CONTENT_26:

CONTENT_27:

CONTENT_28:

CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:

CONTENT_32:
Our
software indirect channel network is comprised primarily of resellers, system integrators/implementers, consultants, education providers, internet service providers, network integrators and independent software vendors. Our relationships with these
channel participants are important elements of our software marketing and sales efforts. Our financial results could be adversely affected if our contracts with channel participants were terminated, if our relationships with channel participants
were to deteriorate, if any of our competitors enter into strategic relationships with or acquire a significant channel participant, if the financial condition or operations of our channel participants were to weaken or if the level of demand for
our channel participants&#146; products and services were to decrease. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in maintaining, expanding or developing our relationships with channel participants. If we are not successful, we may lose
sales opportunities, customers and revenues.
CONTENT_33:

CONTENT_34:
We rely on copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, controls and contractual commitments to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts, these
protections may be limited. Unauthorized third parties may try to copy or reverse engineer portions of our products or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property. Any patents owned by us may be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Any of
our pending or future patent applications, whether or not being currently challenged, may not be issued with the scope of the claims we seek, if at all. In addition, the laws of some countries do not provide the same level of protection of our
intellectual property rights as do the laws and courts of the United States. If we cannot protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized copying or use, or other misappropriation, we may not remain competitive.
CONTENT_35:

CONTENT_36:
We periodically receive notices from, or have lawsuits filed against us by, others claiming infringement or other misuse of their intellectual property rights and/or breach of our agreements with them.
These third parties include entities that do not have the capabilities to design, manufacture, or distribute products or services or that acquire intellectual property like patents for the sole purpose of monetizing their acquired intellectual
property through asserting claims of infringement and misuse. We expect the number of such claims will increase as:    


 
&#149;
 
 we continue to acquire companies and expand into new businesses; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the number of products and competitors in our industry segments grows; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the use and support of third party code (including open source code) becomes more prevalent in the industry; 
   28 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 the volume of issued patents continues to increase; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the proliferation of non-practicing entities asserting intellectual property infringement claims increases. 
Responding to any such claim, regardless of its validity, could:   


 
&#149;
 
 be time consuming, costly and result in litigation;   


 
&#149;
 
 divert management&#146;s time and attention from developing our business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 require us to pay monetary damages or enter into royalty and licensing agreements that we would not normally find acceptable;
  


 
&#149;
 
 require us to stop selling or to redesign certain of our products; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 require us to release source code to third parties, possibly under open source license terms; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 require us to satisfy indemnification obligations to our customers; or 
 


 
&#149;
 
 otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:
We rely on the continued service of
our senior management, including our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Technology Officer and founder, our Chief Executive Officers, other members of our executive team and other key employees and the hiring of new qualified
employees. In the technology industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly skilled business, product development, technical and other personnel. In addition, acquisitions could cause us to lose key personnel of the acquired
companies or at Oracle. We may also experience increased compensation costs that are not offset by either improved productivity or higher sales. We may not be successful in recruiting new personnel and in retaining and motivating existing personnel.
With rare exceptions, we do not have long-term employment or non-competition agreements with our employees. Members of our senior management team have left Oracle over the years for a variety of reasons, and we cannot assure you that there will not
be additional departures, which may be disruptive to our operations.  We continually focus on improving our cost structure by hiring personnel
in countries where advanced technical expertise and other expertise are available at lower costs. When we make adjustments to our workforce, we may incur expenses associated with workforce reductions that delay the benefit of a more efficient
workforce structure. We may also experience increased competition for employees in these countries as the trend toward globalization continues, which may affect our employee retention efforts and increase our expenses in an effort to offer a
competitive compensation program. Our general compensation program includes stock options and restricted stock units (RSUs), which are important tools in attracting and retaining employees in our industry. If our stock price performs poorly, it may
adversely affect our ability to retain or attract employees. In addition, because we expense all stock-based compensation, we have changed and may in the future change our stock-based and other compensation practices. For example, in fiscal 2015, we
introduced RSU grants for certain of our employees and performance related stock unit grants for certain of our executives. We continue to evaluate our compensation practices and other changes we consider from time to time include a reduction in the
number of employees granted equity awards, a reduction in the number of stock options or RSUs granted per employee and alternative forms of stock-based compensation, all of which may have an impact on our ability to retain employees and also impact
the amount of stock-based compensation expense that we record. Any changes in our compensation practices or changes made by competitors could affect our ability to retain and motivate existing personnel and recruit new personnel.
CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:
We derive revenues from contracts with the U.S. government, state and local governments, and foreign governments and their respective agencies, which may
terminate most of these contracts at any time, without cause. There is increased pressure for governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending. Further, our U.S. federal government contracts are subject to
the approval of appropriations made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures under these contracts. Similarly, our contracts at the state and local levels in the U.S. and our contracts with foreign governments and their agencies are generally
subject to government 
   29 





Table of Contents

 
funding authorizations. Additionally, government contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations which could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative
sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business.
CONTENT_41:

CONTENT_42:
The intense competition we face in the sales of our
products and services and general economic and business conditions can put pressure on us to change our prices. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain products or services or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable,
we may need to lower prices or offer other favorable terms in order to compete successfully. Any such changes may reduce margins and could adversely affect operating results. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models
offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our on-premises enterprise software offerings and our cloud offerings, as well as overall demand for our on-premises software product and service offerings, which could reduce
our revenues and profitability. Our software license updates and product support fees and hardware systems support fees are generally priced as a percentage of our net new software licenses fees and net new hardware systems products fees,
respectively. Our competitors may offer lower pricing on their support offerings, which could put pressure on us to further discount our product or support pricing.  Any broad-based change to our prices and pricing policies could cause our revenues to decline or be delayed as our sales force implements and our customers adjust to the new pricing policies. Some of our
competitors may bundle products for promotional purposes or as a long-term pricing strategy or provide guarantees of prices and product implementations. These practices could, over time, significantly constrain the prices that we can charge for
certain of our products. If we do not adapt our pricing models to reflect changes in customer use of our products or changes in customer demand, our revenues could decrease. The increase in open source software distribution may also cause us to
change our pricing models.
CONTENT_43:

CONTENT_44:
Developing software, cloud and hardware offerings is expensive and the investment in the development of these offerings often involves a long return on investment cycle. An important element of our corporate
strategy is to continue to make significant investments in research and development and related product and service opportunities both through internal investments and the acquisition of intellectual property from companies that we have acquired.
Accelerated product and service introductions and short software and hardware life cycles require high levels of expenditures for research and development that could adversely affect our operating results if not offset by revenue increases. We
believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position. However, we do not expect to receive significant revenues from these investments for several
years, if at all.
CONTENT_45:

CONTENT_46:
A significant
portion of our critical business operations are concentrated in a few geographic areas. We are a highly automated business and a disruption or failure of our systems could cause delays in completing sales and providing services, including some of
our cloud offerings. A major earthquake, fire or other catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or IT systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a
result, our future operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
CONTENT_47:

CONTENT_48:
We are subject to various legal proceedings. Litigation can be lengthy, expensive and disruptive to our operations, and can divert our management&#146;s attention away from running our core business. The
results of our litigation also cannot be predicted with certainty. An adverse decision could result in monetary damages or injunctive relief that could affect our business, operating results or financial condition. Additional information regarding
certain of the lawsuits we are involved in is discussed under Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
CONTENT_49:

CONTENT_50:
As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the
United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities and those authorities often do not
agree with positions taken by us on our tax returns. 
   30 





Table of Contents

 Changes in tax laws or tax rulings may have a significantly adverse impact on our effective tax rate. For
example, the United States, many countries in the EU, and other countries where we do business, are actively considering changes in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to
corporate multinationals, which, if enacted, could have a significant adverse impact on our effective tax rate. Further, in the ordinary course of a global business, there are many intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax
determination is uncertain. Our intercompany transfer pricing has been and is currently being reviewed by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and by foreign tax jurisdictions and will likely be subject to additional audits in the future.
Although, we have negotiated certain unilateral Advance Pricing Agreements with the IRS and certain selected bilateral Advance Pricing Agreements that cover some of our intercompany transfer pricing issues and preclude the relevant tax authorities
from making a transfer pricing adjustment within the scope of these agreements, these agreements do not cover substantial elements of our transfer pricing. In recent periods, transfer pricing audits in many foreign jurisdictions have become
increasingly contentious. Similarly, certain jurisdictions are increasingly raising concerns about certain withholding tax matters. In addition, our provision for income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in
jurisdictions which we consider to be indefinitely reinvested outside the United States that have lower statutory tax rates and earnings being higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates. 
We are also subject to non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the
United States and various foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities with respect to these non-income based taxes and may have exposure to additional non-income based tax liabilities. Our acquisition activities have
increased our non-income based tax exposures, particularly with our entry into the hardware systems business, which increased the volume and complexity of laws and regulations that we are subject to and with which we must comply.
Although we believe that our income and non-income based tax estimates are reasonable, there is no assurance that the final determination of tax audits or
tax disputes will not be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals.
CONTENT_51:

CONTENT_52:
Under business combination accounting standards pursuant to ASC 805, Business Combinations, we recognize the identifiable assets acquired,
the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interests in acquired companies generally at their acquisition date fair values and, in each case, separately from goodwill. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess amount of
consideration transferred, which is also generally measured at fair value, and the net of the acquisition date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed
to be reasonable but which are inherently uncertain. After we complete an acquisition, the following factors could result in material charges and adversely affect our operating results and may adversely affect our cash flows: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 costs incurred to combine the operations of companies we acquire, such as transitional employee expenses and employee retention, redeployment or
relocation expenses;   


 
&#149;
 
 impairment of goodwill, in particular within our consulting reporting unit, or impairment of intangible assets, both of which we have added to
significantly in recent years and may continue to increase in the future;   


 
&#149;
 
 amortization of intangible assets acquired;   


 
&#149;
 
 a reduction in the useful lives of intangible assets acquired; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 identification of, or changes to, assumed contingent liabilities, both income tax and non-income tax related, after our final determination of the
amounts for these contingencies or the conclusion of the measurement period (generally up to one year from the acquisition date), whichever comes first; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 charges to our operating results to maintain certain duplicative pre-merger activities for an extended period of time or to maintain these activities
for a period of time that is longer than we had anticipated, charges to eliminate certain duplicative pre-merger activities, and charges to restructure our operations or to reduce our cost structure; 
   31 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 charges to our operating results due to expenses incurred to effect the acquisition; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 charges to our operating results due to the expensing of certain stock awards assumed in an acquisition. 
Substantially all of these costs will be accounted for as expenses that will decrease our net income and earnings per share for the periods in which those
costs are incurred. For example, we recognized a goodwill impairment loss in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 relating to our hardware systems reporting unit. Charges to our operating results in any given period could differ substantially from
other periods based on the timing and size of our future acquisitions and the extent of integration activities. A more detailed discussion of our accounting for business combinations and other items is presented in the &#147;Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates&#148; section of Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Item 7).
CONTENT_53:

CONTENT_54:

CONTENT_55:

CONTENT_56:

CONTENT_57:

CONTENT_58:
All of the factors discussed in this section could affect our stock price. The timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products, product enhancements or technological advances by our
competitors or us and any announcements by us of acquisitions, major transactions, or management changes could also affect our stock price. Changes in the amounts and frequency of share repurchases or dividends could adversely affect our stock
price. Our stock price is subject to speculation in the press and the analyst community, changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors&#146; or analysts&#146; valuation measures for our stock, our
credit ratings and market trends unrelated to our performance. A significant drop in our stock price could also expose us to the risk of securities class actions lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and divert management&#146;s
attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. 
<B
