HEADER_1:
Current unfavorable economic and market conditions, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
HEADER_2:
The trading price of our common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile due to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, and each of which could adversely affect our stockholders’ value.
HEADER_3:
We face significant volatility in supply and demand conditions for our products, and this volatility, as well as any failure by us to accurately forecast future supply and demand conditions, could materially and negatively impact our business.
HEADER_4:
If we fail to compete successfully in our highly competitive industry and markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be seriously harmed.
HEADER_5:
If we fail to develop, introduce and sell new products or fail to develop and implement new technologies, our ability to compete in our end markets will suffer and our financial results could be adversely impacted.
HEADER_6:
The complex nature of our manufacturing activities, our broad product portfolio, and our increasing reliance on third-party manufacturers makes us highly susceptible to manufacturing problems and these problems can have a substantial negative impact on us if they occur.
HEADER_7:
We are increasingly dependent upon third parties to manufacture, distribute, generate a significant portion of our product sales, fulfill our customer orders and transport our product. Problems in the performance or availability of these companies could seriously harm our financial performance.
HEADER_8:
We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights adequately and may face significant expenses as a result of ongoing or future litigation.
HEADER_9:
We face additional problems and uncertainties associated with international operations that could seriously harm us.
HEADER_10:
We compete with others to attract and retain key personnel, and any loss of, or inability to attract, such personnel would harm us.
HEADER_11:
Our financial results could be adversely impacted if our Emerging Technologies businesses fail to develop and successfully bring to market new and proprietary products.
HEADER_12:
Any guidance that we may provide about our business or expected future results may differ significantly from actual results.
HEADER_13:
We are subject to many different environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and directives, and compliance with them may be costly.
HEADER_14:
Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses.
HEADER_15:
System security risks, data protection or privacy breaches, cyber-attacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations and/or harm the reputation of the Company, and any such disruption or harm could cause a reduction in our expected revenue, increase our expenses, negatively impact our results of operation or otherwise adversely affect our stock price.
HEADER_16:
We maintain self-insurance for certain indemnities we have made to our officers and directors, and if a significant payment were to arise out of such liabilities, it could harm our financial condition and results of operation. 
HEADER_17:
We utilize debt financing and such indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, earnings per share and our ability to meet our payment obligations.
HEADER_18:
New regulations related to “conflict minerals” may force us to incur additional expenses, may make our supply chain more complex and may result in damage to our reputation with customers.
HEADER_19:
Changes in U.S. tax legislation regarding our foreign earnings could materially impact our business.
HEADER_20:
The accumulation of changes in our shares by “5-percent stockholders” could trigger an ownership change for U.S. income tax purposes, in which case our ability to utilize our net operating losses would be limited and therefore impact our future tax benefits.
HEADER_21:
Acquisition and investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
HEADER_22:
We invest in companies for strategic reasons and may not realize a return on our investments.
HEADER_23:
There can be no assurance that our cash distributions on common stock will continue to be considered a return of capital.
HEADER_24:
If we are unable to obtain stockholder approval of additional shares for our share-based compensation award programs in the future, we could be at a competitive disadvantage in the marketplace for qualified personnel.
