CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:
We were incorporated in 2009 and, as a result, have only a limited operating history upon which our business and
prospects may be evaluated. Although we have experienced substantial revenue growth in our limited operating history, we may not be able to sustain this rate of growth or maintain our current revenue levels. We have encountered and will continue to
encounter risks and challenges frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly developing industries, including risks related to our ability to:   


 
&#149;
 
build a reputation for providing a superior platform and client service, and for creating trust and long-term relationships with clients; 
 


 
&#149;
 
distinguish ourselves from competitors;   


 
&#149;
 
develop and offer a competitive platform that meets our clients&#146; needs as they change;   


 
&#149;
 
scale our business efficiently to keep pace with demand for our platform;   


 
&#149;
 
maintain and expand our relationships with suppliers of quality advertising inventory and data;   


 
&#149;
 
respond to evolving industry standards and government regulation that impact our business, particularly in the areas of data collection and consumer privacy; 
 


 
&#149;
 
prevent or mitigate failures or breaches of security;   


 
&#149;
 
expand our business internationally; and   


 
&#149;
 
hire and retain qualified and motivated employees.  We cannot assure you that we will be
successful in addressing these and other challenges we may face in the future. If we are unable to do so, our business may suffer, our revenue and operating results may decline and we may not be able to achieve further growth or sustain
profitability.
CONTENT_5:

CONTENT_6:
To sustain or increase our revenue, we must regularly add new clients and encourage existing clients to maintain or increase the
amount of advertising inventory purchased through our platform and adopt new features and functionalities that we add to our platform. If competitors introduce lower cost or differentiated offerings that compete with or are perceived to compete with
ours, our ability to sell access to our platform to new or existing clients could be impaired. We have spent significant effort in cultivating our relationships with advertising agencies, which has resulted in an increase in the budgets allocated
to, and the amount of advertising purchased on, our platform. However, it is possible that we may reach a point of saturation at which we cannot continue to 
   18 




Table of Contents

 
grow our revenue from such agencies because of internal limits that advertisers may place on the allocation of their advertising budgets to digital media to a particular provider or otherwise.
While we generally have master services agreements in place for our clients, such agreements allow our clients to change the amount of spend through our platform or terminate our services with limited notice. Our clients typically have relationships
with different providers and there is limited cost to moving budgets to our competitors. As a result, we may have limited visibility as to our future advertising revenue streams. We cannot assure you that our clients will continue to use our
platform or that we will be able to replace, in a timely or effective manner, departing clients with new clients that generate comparable revenue. If a major client representing a significant portion of our business decides to materially reduce its
use of our platform or to cease using our platform altogether, it is possible that our revenue could be significantly reduced.
CONTENT_7:

CONTENT_8:
Our client base
consists primarily of advertising agencies. We do not have exclusive relationships with advertising agencies and we depend on agencies to work with us as they embark on advertising campaigns for advertisers. 
The loss of agencies as clients could significantly harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If we fail to maintain
satisfactory relationships with an advertising agency, we risk losing business from the advertisers represented by that agency. 
Advertisers may change advertising agencies. If an advertiser switches from an agency that utilizes our platform to one that does not, we will
lose revenue from that advertiser. In addition, some advertising agencies have their own relationships with suppliers of advertising inventory and can directly connect advertisers with such suppliers. Our business may suffer to the extent that
advertising agencies and inventory suppliers purchase and sell advertising inventory directly from one another or through intermediaries other than us. 
We had approximately 566 clients, consisting primarily of advertising agencies, as of December 31, 2016. Many of these agencies are owned
by holding companies, where decision making is decentralized such that purchasing decisions are made, and relationships with advertisers, are located, at the agency, local branch or division level. If all of our individual client contractual
relationships were aggregated at the holding company level, Omnicom Group Inc., WPP plc and Publicis Groupe would each represent more than 10% of our gross billings for 2016. 
In most cases, we enter into separate contracts and billing relationships with the individual agencies and account for them as separate
clients. However, some holding companies for these agencies may choose to exert control over the individual agencies in the future. If so, any loss of relationships with such holding companies and, consequently, of their agencies, local branches or
divisions, as clients could significantly harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
CONTENT_9:

CONTENT_10:
Our industry is subject to rapid and frequent changes in technology, evolving client needs and the frequent introduction by our competitors of
new and enhanced offerings. We must constantly make investment decisions regarding offerings and technology to meet client demand and evolving industry standards. We may make wrong decisions regarding these investments. If new or existing
competitors have more attractive offerings, we may lose clients or clients may decrease their use of our platform. New client demands, superior competitive offerings or new industry standards could require us to make unanticipated and costly changes
to our platform or business model. If we fail to adapt to our rapidly changing industry or to evolving client needs, demand for our platform could decrease and our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. 
   19 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:
We have experienced significant growth in a short period of time. To manage our
growth effectively, we must continually evaluate and evolve our organization. We must also manage our employees, operations, finances, technology and development and capital investments efficiently. Our efficiency, productivity and the quality of
our platform and client service may be adversely impacted if we do not train our new personnel, particularly our sales and support personnel, quickly and effectively, or if we fail to appropriately coordinate across our organization. Additionally,
our rapid growth may place a strain on our resources, infrastructure and ability to maintain the quality of our platform. You should not consider our revenue growth and levels of profitability in recent periods as indicative of future performance.
In future periods, our revenue or profitability could decline or grow more slowly than we expect. Failure to manage our growth effectively could cause our business to suffer and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating
results.
CONTENT_13:

CONTENT_14:
The substantial majority of
our revenue has been derived from clients that programmatically purchase advertising inventory through our platform. We expect that spending on programmatic ad buying will continue to be our primary source of revenue for the foreseeable future, and
that our revenue growth will largely depend on increasing spend through our platform. The market for programmatic ad buying is an emerging market, and our current and potential clients may not shift quickly enough to programmatic ad buying from
other buying methods, reducing our growth potential. If the market for programmatic ad buying deteriorates or develops more slowly than we expect, it could reduce demand for our platform, and our business, growth prospects and financial condition
would be adversely affected.  In addition, revenue may not necessary grow at the same rate as spend on our platform. Growth in spend may
outpace growth in our revenue as the market for programmatic buying for advertising matures due to a number of factors including quantity discounts and product, media, client and channel mix shifts. For example, TV advertising typically entails
relatively large advertising budgets that carry a smaller fee as a percentage of spend. Growth in the use of our platform for TV advertising could impact the rate of our revenue growth relative to the rate of growth in spend on our platform. A
significant change in revenue as a percentage of spend could reflect an adverse change in our business and growth prospects. In addition, any such fluctuations, even if they reflect our strategic decisions, could cause our performance to fall below
the expectations of securities analysts and investors, and adversely affect the price of our common stock.
CONTENT_15:

CONTENT_16:
We operate in a
highly competitive and rapidly changing industry. With the introduction of new technologies and the influx of new entrants to the market, we expect competition to persist and intensify in the future, which could harm our ability to increase revenue
and maintain profitability. New technologies and methods of buying advertising present a dynamic competitive challenge, as market participants offer multiple new products and services, such as analytics, automated media buying and exchanges, aimed
at capturing advertising spend. In addition to existing competitors and intermediaries, we may also face competition from new companies entering the market, which may include large established companies, all of which currently offer, or may in the
future offer, products and services that result in additional competition for advertising spend or advertising inventory.  Further, we
derive a significant portion of our revenue from the display advertising market, which is rapidly evolving, highly competitive, complex and fragmented. We face significant competition in this market which we expect will intensify in the future. We
currently compete for advertising spend with large, well-established 
   20 




Table of Contents

 
companies as well as smaller, privately-held companies. Some of our larger competitors with more resources may be better positioned to execute on
advertising campaigns conducted over multiple channels such as social media, mobile and video.  We may also face competition from
companies that we do not yet know about or do not yet exist. If existing or new companies develop, market or resell competitive high-value marketing products or services, acquire one of our existing
competitors or form a strategic alliance with one of our competitors, our ability to compete effectively could be significantly compromised and our results of operations could be harmed. 
Our current and potential competitors may have significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have, allowing
them to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products and services. They may also have more extensive advertiser bases and broader publisher relationships than we have, and may have longer operating
histories and greater name recognition. As a result, these competitors may be better able to respond quickly to new technologies, develop deeper advertiser relationships or offer services at lower prices. Any of these developments would make it more
difficult for us to sell our platform and could result in increased pricing pressure, increased sales and marketing expense or the loss of market share.
CONTENT_17:

CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:

CONTENT_20:

CONTENT_21:

CONTENT_22:

CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:

CONTENT_26:

CONTENT_27:

CONTENT_28:
Historically, our clients have predominantly used our platform to purchase display advertising inventory. We expect that display advertising
will continue to be a significant channel used by our clients. Should our clients lose confidence in the value or effectiveness of display advertising, the demand for our platform could decline. 
We are working to enhance our social, native, digital radio and television offerings, including the capability to buy ads on digital
television using our platform. We refer to the ability to provide offerings across these channels as omnichannel. These markets may not reach the scale of display advertising, and our omnichannel offerings may not gain market acceptance. A decrease
in the use of display advertising, or our inability to further penetrate display and other advertising channels, would harm our growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:
We must maintain a consistent supply of attractive ad inventory. Our success depends on our ability to secure quality inventory on reasonable
terms across a broad range of advertising networks and exchanges, video, audio and mobile inventory, and social media platforms. The amount, quality and cost of inventory available to us can change at any time. A few inventory suppliers hold a
significant portion of the programmatic inventory either generally or concentrated in a particular channel. In addition, we compete with companies with which we 
   23 




Table of Contents

 
have business relationships. For example, Google is one of our largest advertising inventory suppliers in addition to being one of our competitors. If Google or a similarly situated company
limits our access to advertising inventory, our business could be adversely affected. If our relationships with any of our suppliers were to cease, or if the material terms of these relationships were to change unfavorably, our business would be
negatively impacted. Our suppliers are generally not bound by long-term contracts. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will have access to a consistent supply of quality inventory on favorable terms. If
we are unable to compete favorably for advertising inventory available on real-time advertising exchanges, or if real-time advertising exchanges decide not to make their
advertising inventory available to us, we may not be able to place advertisements or find alternative sources of inventory with comparable traffic patterns and consumer demographics in a timely manner. Furthermore, the inventory that we access
through real-time advertising exchanges may be of low quality or misrepresented to us, despite attempts by us and our suppliers to prevent fraud and conduct quality assurance checks. 
Inventory suppliers control the bidding process for the inventory they supply, and their processes may not always work in our favor. For
example, suppliers may place restrictions on the use of their inventory, including prohibiting the placement of advertisements on behalf of specific advertisers. Through the bidding process, we may not win the right to deliver advertising to the
inventory that is selected through our platform and may not be able to replace inventory that is no longer made available to us.  As new
types of inventory, such as digital advertising for television, become available, we will need to expend significant resources to ensure we have access to such new inventory. Although television advertising is a large market, only a very small
percentage of it is currently purchased through digital advertising exchanges. We are investing heavily in our programmatic television offering, including by increasing our workforce and by adding new features, functions and integrations to our
platform. If the digital television advertising market does not grow as we anticipate or we fail to successfully serve such market, our growth prospects could be harmed. 
Our success depends on consistently adding valued inventory in a cost-effective manner. If we are
unable to maintain a consistent supply of quality inventory for any reason, client retention and loyalty, and our financial condition and operating results could be harmed.
CONTENT_31:

CONTENT_32:
Our revenue, cash flow, operating results and other key operating and performance metrics may vary from quarter to quarter due to the seasonal
nature of our clients&#146; spending on advertising campaigns. For example, clients tend to devote more of their advertising budgets to the fourth calendar quarter to coincide with consumer holiday spending. Moreover, advertising inventory in the
fourth quarter may be more expensive due to increased demand for advertising inventory. Political advertising could also cause our revenue to increase during election cycles and decrease during other periods. Our historical revenue growth has masked
the impact of seasonality, but if our growth rate declines or seasonal spending becomes more pronounced, seasonality could have a material impact on our revenue, cash flow and operating results from period to period.
CONTENT_33:

CONTENT_34:
We have expended significant resources to grow our business in recent years by increasing the offerings of our platform, growing our number of
employees and expanding internationally into several countries. We anticipate continued growth that could require substantial financial and other resources to, among other things: 
 


 
&#149;
 
develop our platform, including by investing in our engineering team, creating, acquiring or licensing new products or features, and improving the availability and security of our platform; 
 


 
&#149;
 
expand internationally by growing our sales force and client services team in an effort to increase our client base and spend through our platform, and by adding inventory and data from countries our clients are
seeking; 
   24 




Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
improve our technology infrastructure, including investing in internal technology development and acquiring outside technologies;   


 
&#149;
 
expand our platform&#146;s reach in more expensive advertising inventory such as television;   


 
&#149;
 
cover general and administrative expenses, including legal, accounting and other expenses necessary to support a larger organization; 
 


 
&#149;
 
cover sales and marketing expenses, including a significant expansion of our direct sales organization;   


 
&#149;
 
cover expenses relating to data collection and consumer privacy compliance, including additional infrastructure, automation and personnel; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
explore strategic acquisitions.  Investing in the foregoing, however, may not yield
anticipated returns. Consequently, as our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to sustain profitability.
CONTENT_35:

CONTENT_36:
As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such
internal control. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting and, beginning with our annual report for our year ending December 31, 2017, provide a management report on internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency or combination
of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
See &#147;Item 9A. Controls and Procedures&#148; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a list of the
material weaknesses identified during 2015 in our internal control over financial reporting and a list of the steps taken in 2015 and 2016 to address the internal control deficiencies that contributed to these material weaknesses. 
While we believe that these efforts will improve our internal control over financial reporting, the implementation of these measures is
ongoing and will require validation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and are continuing to
implement, will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses we have identified or avoid potential future material weaknesses. If the steps we take do not correct the material weaknesses in a timely manner, we will be unable to conclude that
we maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting. Accordingly, there could continue to be a reasonable possibility that these deficiencies or others could result in a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that would result in a
material misstatement of our financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.  The process of designing and
implementing internal control over financial reporting required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will be time consuming, costly and complicated. If during the evaluation and testing
process, we identify one or more other material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or determine that existing material weaknesses have not been remediated, our management will be unable to assert that our internal control
over financial reporting is effective. Even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may conclude that there are material weaknesses with respect
to our internal controls or the level at which our internal controls are documented, designed, implemented or reviewed. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered
public accounting firm is unable to 
   25 




Table of Contents

 
express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting when we cease being an emerging growth company, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and
completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected and we could become subject to litigation or investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory
authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources.
CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:
The use of application programming interfaces, or APIs, by our clients has significantly increased in recent years. Our APIs allow clients to
build their own media buying and data management interface by using our APIs to develop custom integration of their business with our platform. The increased use of APIs increases security and operational risks to our systems, including the risk for
intrusion attacks, data theft, or denial of service attacks. Furthermore, while APIs allow clients greater ease and power in accessing our platform, they also increase the risk of overusing our systems, potentially causing outages. We have
experienced system slowdowns due to client overuse of our systems through our APIs. While we have taken measures intended to decrease security and outage risks associated with the use of APIs, we cannot guarantee that such measures will be
successful. Our failure to prevent outages or security breaches resulting from API use could result in government enforcement actions against us, claims for damages by consumers and other affected individuals, costs associated with investigation and
remediation damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results.
CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:
As we grow
our business, we expect to continue to invest in technology services and equipment, including data centers, network services and database technologies, as well as potentially increase our reliance on open source software. Without these improvements,
our operations might suffer from unanticipated system disruptions, slow transaction processing, unreliable service levels, impaired quality or delays in reporting accurate information regarding transactions in our platform, any of which could
negatively affect our reputation and ability to attract and retain clients. In addition, the expansion and improvement of our systems and infrastructure may require us to commit substantial financial, operational and technical resources, with no
assurance our business will increase. If we fail to respond to technological change or to adequately maintain, expand, upgrade and develop our systems and infrastructure in a timely fashion, our growth prospects and results of operations could be
adversely affected. The steps we take to increase the reliability, integrity and security of our platform as it scales are expensive and complex, and our execution could result in operational failures and increased vulnerability to cyber-attacks. Such cyber-attacks could include denial-of-service attacks impacting service
availability (including the ability to deliver ads) and reliability, tricking company employees into releasing control of their systems to a hacker, or the introduction of computer viruses or malware into our systems with a view to steal
confidential or proprietary data. Cyber-attacks of increasing sophistication may be difficult to detect and could result in the theft of our intellectual property and data from our platform. We are also
vulnerable to unintentional errors or malicious actions by persons with authorized access to our systems that exceed the scope of their access rights, distribute data erroneously, or, unintentionally or intentionally, interfere with the intended
operations of our platform. Moreover, we could be adversely impacted by outages and disruptions in the online platforms of our inventory and data suppliers, such as the real-time advertising exchanges. Outages
and disruptions of our platform, including due to cyber-attacks, may harm our reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_41:

CONTENT_42:
26 




Table of Contents

 We depend upon the sustained and uninterrupted performance of our platform to manage our
inventory supply; bid on inventory for each campaign; collect, process and interpret data; and optimize campaign performance in real time and provide billing information to our financial systems. If our platform cannot scale to meet demand, if there
are errors in our execution of any of these functions on our platform, or if we experience outages, then our business may be harmed. We may also face material delays in introducing new services, products and enhancements. If competitors introduce
new products and services using new technologies or if new industry standards and practices emerge, our existing proprietary technology and systems may become obsolete. 
Our platform is complex and multifaceted, and operational and performance issues could arise both from the platform itself and from outside
factors. Errors, failures, vulnerabilities or bugs have been found in the past, and may in the future, be found. Our platform also relies on third-party technology and systems to perform properly, and our
platform is often used in connection with computing environments utilizing different operating systems, system management software, equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors in, or failures of, our platform or such other
computing environments. Operational and performance issues with our platform could include the failure of our user interface, outages, errors during upgrades or patches, discrepancies in costs billed versus costs paid, unanticipated volume
overwhelming our databases, server failure, or catastrophic events affecting one or more server farms. While we have built redundancies in our systems, full redundancies do not exist. Some failures will shut our platform down completely, others only
partially. Partial failures, which we have experienced in the past, could result in unauthorized bidding, cessation of our ability to bid or deliver impressions or deletion of our reporting, in each case resulting in unanticipated financial
obligations or impact.  Operational and performance issues with our platform could also result in negative publicity, damage to our brand
and reputation, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our platform, increased costs or loss of revenue, loss of the ability to access our platform, loss of competitive position or claims by clients for losses sustained by them. Alleviating
problems resulting from such issues could require significant expenditures of capital and other resources and could cause interruptions, delays or the cessation of our business, any of which may adversely affect our financial condition and operating
results.
CONTENT_43:

CONTENT_44:

CONTENT_45:

CONTENT_46:

CONTENT_47:

CONTENT_48:

CONTENT_49:

CONTENT_50:

CONTENT_51:

CONTENT_52:
We do not provide or control either the content of the advertisements we serve or that of the websites providing the inventory. Advertisers
provide the advertising content and inventory suppliers provide the inventory. Both advertisers and inventory suppliers are concerned about being associated with content they 
   30 




Table of Contents

 
consider inappropriate, competitive or inconsistent with their brands, or illegal and they are hesitant to spend money without guaranteed brand security. Additionally, advertisers may seek to
display advertising campaigns in jurisdictions that do not permit such advertising (for example, pharmaceutical advertising is not permitted in many countries). Consequently, our reputation depends in part on providing services that our advertisers
and inventory suppliers trust, and we have contractual obligations to meet content and inventory standards. We contractually prohibit the misuse of our platform by agencies (and their advertiser clients) and inventory suppliers. Additionally, we use
our proprietary technology and third-party services to, and we participate in industry co-ops that work to, detect malware and other content issues as well as click
fraud (whether by humans or software known as &#147;bots&#148;) and to block fraudulent inventory, including &#147;tool bar&#148; inventory, which is inventory that appears within an application and displaces any advertising that would otherwise be
displayed on the website. Despite such efforts, our clients may inadvertently purchase inventory that proves to be unacceptable for their campaigns, in which case, we may not be able to recoup the amounts paid to inventory suppliers. Preventing and
combating fraud is an industry-wide issue that requires constant vigilance, and we cannot guarantee that we will be fully successful in doing so. There are other means we could use, such as human review of
content we serve, that some of our competitors undertake, but because our platform is self-service, and because such means are cost-intensive, we do not utilize all
means available to decrease this risk. We may provide access to inventory that is objectionable to our advertisers or we may serve advertising that contains malware or objectionable content to our inventory suppliers, which could harm our or our
clients&#146; brand and reputation, and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results.
CONTENT_53:

CONTENT_54:

CONTENT_55:

CONTENT_56:

CONTENT_57:

CONTENT_58:
Campaigns are set up using several
variables available to our clients on our platform. While our platform includes several checks and balances, it is possible for human error to result in significant over-spending. The system requires a daily
cap at the ad group level. We also provide for the client to input daily and overall caps at the advertising inventory campaign level at their discretion. Additionally, we set a credit limit for each user so that they cannot spend beyond the level
of credit risk we are willing to accept. Despite these protections, the ability for overspend exists. For example, campaigns which last for a period of time can be set to pace evenly or as quickly as possible. If a client with a high credit limit
enters into the wrong daily cap with a campaign set to a rapid pace, it is possible for a campaign to accidently go significantly over budget. While our client contracts state that clients are responsible for media purchased through our platform, we
are ultimately responsible for paying the inventory providers and we may be unable to collect for such issues.
CONTENT_59:

CONTENT_60:
International
expansion subjects us to many challenges associated with supporting a rapidly growing business across a multitude of cultures, customs, monetary, legal and regulatory systems and commercial infrastructures. We have a limited operating history
outside of the United States, and our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations internationally requires considerable attention and resources. 
We currently have sales personnel in the United Kingdom, Australia, Germany, South Korea, Singapore, Japan, Hong Kong, France, and Indonesia
and we anticipate expanding our international operations in the future, including in China and potentially other countries that score unfavorably on the Corruption Perceptions Index, or CPI, of the Transparency International. Our sales organization
outside the United States is substantially smaller than our sales organization in the United States. To the extent we are unable to effectively engage with non-U.S. advertising agencies or international
divisions of U.S. agencies due to our limited sales force capacity, we may be unable to effectively grow in international markets. 
Approximately 9% of our gross spend in 2016 was derived from outside of the United States. Our international operations subject us to a
variety of additional risks, including:   


 
&#149;
 
increased management, travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with having multiple international operations;   


 
&#149;
 
long payment cycles;   


 
&#149;
 
potential complications in enforcing contracts and collections;   


 
&#149;
 
increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities;   


 
&#149;
 
concerns regarding negative, unstable or changing economic conditions in the countries and regions where we operate;   


 
&#149;
 
increased administrative costs and risks associated with compliance with local laws and regulations, including relating to privacy and data security; 
 


 
&#149;
 
regulatory and legal compliance, including with anti-bribery laws, import and export control laws, economic sanctions and other regulatory limitations or obligations on our
operations;   


 
&#149;
 
heightened risks of unfair or corrupt business practices and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements; 
   32 




Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
difficulties in invoicing and collecting in foreign currencies and associated foreign currency exposure;   


 
&#149;
 
difficulties in repatriating or transferring funds from or converting currencies;   


 
&#149;
 
administrative difficulties, costs and expenses related to various local languages, cultures and political nuances;   


 
&#149;
 
varied labor and employment laws, including those relating to termination of employees;   


 
&#149;
 
reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries and practical difficulties of enforcing rights abroad; and   


 
&#149;
 
compliance with the laws of numerous foreign taxing jurisdictions, including withholding obligations, and overlapping of different tax regimes. 
We may incur significant operating expenses as a result of our international expansion, and it may not be successful. Our international
business also subjects us to the impact of global and regional recessions and economic and political instability, differing regulatory requirements, costs and difficulties in managing a distributed workforce, potentially adverse tax consequences in
the United States and abroad and restrictions on the repatriation of funds to the United States. In addition, advertising markets outside of the United States are not as developed as those within the United States, and we may be unable to grow our
business sufficiently. Our failure to manage these risks and challenges successfully could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
CONTENT_61:

CONTENT_62:
While the majority of the transactions through our platform are denominated in U.S. dollars, we have transacted in foreign currencies for both
inventory and for payments by clients from use of our platform, including the Canadian dollar, British Pound, the Euro, Singapore Dollar, Indonesian Rupiah, Japanese Yen and Australian Dollar. Given our anticipated international growth, we expect
the number of transactions in foreign currencies to continue to grow in the future. While we do require a fee from our clients that pay in non-U.S. currency, this fee may not always cover foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations. We currently have a program to hedge exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. However, the use of hedging instruments may not be available for all currencies, or may not always offset losses resulting from foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments can itself result in losses if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments.
CONTENT_63:

CONTENT_64:
We may in the future explore potential acquisitions of companies or technologies, strategic investments, or alliances to
strengthen our business. However, we have limited experience in acquiring and integrating businesses, products and technologies. Even if we identify an appropriate acquisition candidate, we may not be successful in negotiating the terms or financing
of the acquisition, and our due diligence may fail to identify all of the problems, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired business, product or technology, including issues related to intellectual property, product quality or
architecture, regulatory compliance practices, revenue recognition or other accounting practices or employee or client issues. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business, including: 
 


 
&#149;
 
regulatory hurdles;   


 
&#149;
 
anticipated benefits may not materialize;   


 
&#149;
 
diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges;   


 
&#149;
 
retention of employees from the acquired company; 
   33 




Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization;   


 
&#149;
 
integration of the acquired company&#146;s accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems;   


 
&#149;
 
the need to implement or improve controls, procedures and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked effective controls, procedures and policies; 
 


 
&#149;
 
coordination of product development and sales and marketing functions;   


 
&#149;
 
liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown
liabilities; and   


 
&#149;
 
litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, users, former stockholders or other third parties. 
Failure to appropriately mitigate these risks or other issues related to such strategic investments and acquisitions could result in reducing
or completely eliminating any anticipated benefits of transactions, and harm our business generally. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization
expenses or the impairment of goodwill, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results.
CONTENT_65:

CONTENT_66:
We intend to continue to grow our business, which will require additional capital to develop new features or enhance our platform, improve our
operating infrastructure, finance working capital requirements or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in additional equity or debt financings to secure additional capital. If we raise additional
funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders
of our common stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain
additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. If we are unable to secure additional funding on favorable terms, or at all, when we require it, our ability to continue to grow our business to react to market conditions could be impaired
and our business may be harmed.
CONTENT_67:

CONTENT_68:

CONTENT_69:

CONTENT_70:

CONTENT_71:

CONTENT_72:
We became a public company in September 2016. Most members of
our management team have limited or no experience managing a publicly-traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex laws, rules and regulations that
govern public companies. As a public company, we are now subject to significant obligations relating to reporting, procedures and internal controls, and our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage such obligations. These new
obligations and scrutiny will require significant attention from our management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
   35 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_73:

CONTENT_74:
We are substantially dependent on our sales
and support teams to obtain new clients and to increase spend by our existing clients. We believe that there is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve revenue
growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training, integrating and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth. Due to the complexity of our platform, new hires require significant training and it
may take significant time before they achieve full productivity. Our recent and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where
we do business or plan to do business. If we are unable to hire and train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, or the sales personnel are not successful in obtaining new clients or increasing our existing clients&#146; spend with us, our
business will be adversely affected.
CONTENT_75:

CONTENT_76:
We have experienced and may continue to experience rapid
expansion of our employee ranks. We believe our corporate culture has been a key element of our success. However, as our organization grows, it may be difficult to maintain our culture, which could reduce our ability to innovate and operate
effectively. The failure to maintain the key aspects of our culture as our organization grows could result in decreased employee satisfaction, increased difficulty in attracting top talent, increased turnover and could compromise the quality of our
client service, all of which are important to our success and to the effective execution of our business strategy. In the event we are unable to maintain our corporate culture as we grow to scale, our business, operating results and financial
condition could be harmed.
CONTENT_77:

CONTENT_78:
We rely upon a combination of trade
secrets, third-party confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, additional contractual restrictions on disclosure and use, and trademark, copyright and other
intellectual property laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. These laws, procedures and restrictions provide only limited protection. We currently have &#147;The Trade Desk, Inc.&#148; registered as a trademark or pending
registration in the United States and certain foreign countries. We also rely on copyright laws to protect computer programs related to our platform and our proprietary technologies, although to date we have not registered for statutory copyright
protection. We have registered numerous Internet domain names in the United States related to our business in order to protect our proprietary interests. We endeavor to enter into agreements with our employees and contractors in order to limit
access to and disclosure of our proprietary information, as well as to clarify rights to intellectual property associated with our business. Protecting our intellectual property is a challenge, especially after our employees or our contractors end
their relationship with us, and, in some cases, decide to work for our competitors. Our contracts with our employees and contractors that relate to intellectual property issues generally restrict the use of our confidential information solely in
connection with our services, and strictly prohibit reverse-engineering. However, reverse engineering our software or the theft or misuse of our proprietary information could occur by employees or contractors
who have access to our technology. Enforceability of the non-compete agreements that we have in place is not guaranteed, and contractual restrictions could be breached without discovery or adequate remedies.
 Policing unauthorized use of our technology is difficult. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of
intellectual property rights as those of the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of our proprietary rights in such countries may be inadequate. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights (including in particular, the proprietary
aspects of our platform) we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who have not incurred the same level of expense, time and effort to create and protect their intellectual property. 
   36 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_79:

CONTENT_80:
There is significant patent and other intellectual property development activity in the
digital advertising industry. Third-party intellectual property rights may cover significant aspects of our technologies or business methods or block us from expanding our offerings. Our success depends on the
continual development of our platform. From time to time, we may receive claims from third parties that our platform and underlying technology infringe or violate such third parties&#146; intellectual property rights. To the extent we gain greater
public recognition, we may face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property claims. The cost of defending against such claims, whether or not the claims have merit, is significant, regardless of whether we are successful in our
defense, and could divert the attention of management, technical personnel and other employees from our business operations. Litigation regarding intellectual property rights is inherently uncertain due to the complex issues involved, and we may not
be successful in defending ourselves in such matters. Additionally, we may be obligated to indemnify our clients or inventory and data suppliers in connection with any such litigation. If we are found to infringe these rights, we could potentially
be required to cease utilizing portions of our platform. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant time and expense. Alternatively, we could be
required to pay royalty payments, either as a one-time fee or ongoing, as well as damages for past use that was deemed to be infringing. If we cannot license or develop technology for any allegedly infringing
aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit our service and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results could harm our business.
CONTENT_81:

CONTENT_82:

CONTENT_83:

CONTENT_84:

CONTENT_85:

CONTENT_86:
As a U.S. company, we are subject to U.S. export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations, and we are required to export our
technology and services in compliance with those laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and economic embargo and trade sanction programs administered by the Treasury Department&#146;s Office of Foreign Assets
Control. U.S. economic sanctions and export control laws and regulations prohibit the shipment of specified products and services to countries, governments and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. While we are currently taking precautions to prevent
doing any business, directly or indirectly, with countries, governments and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions and to ensure that our technology and services are not exported or used by countries, governments and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions,
such measures may be circumvented. There can be no assurance that we will be in compliance with U.S. export control or economic sanctions laws and regulations in the future. Any such violation could result in significant criminal or civil fines,
penalties or other sanctions and repercussions, including reputational harm that could materially adversely impact our business. 
Furthermore, if we export our technology, the exports may require authorizations, including a license, a license exception or other
appropriate government authorization. Complying with export control and sanctions regulations may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of opportunities. 
In addition, various countries regulate the import of encryption technology, including the imposition of import permitting and licensing
requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to offer our platform or could limit our clients&#146; ability to use our platform in those countries. Changes in our platform or future changes in export and import regulations may
create delays in the introduction of our platform in international markets or prevent our clients with international operations from deploying our platform globally. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related
legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our platform by, or in our decreased ability to export our technology and services to, existing or
potential clients with international operations. Any decreased use of our platform or limitation on our ability to export our platform would likely adversely affect our business operations and financial results.
CONTENT_87:

CONTENT_88:
Market growth forecasts are subject to
significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates which may not prove to be accurate. The forecasts in this annual report relating to expected growth in the digital advertising and real-time
buying markets may prove to be inaccurate. Even if these markets experience the forecasted growth, we may not grow our business at similar rates, or at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business
strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties.
CONTENT_89:

CONTENT_90:

CONTENT_91:

CONTENT_92:

CONTENT_93:

CONTENT_94:

CONTENT_95:

CONTENT_96:

CONTENT_97:

CONTENT_98:

CONTENT_99:

CONTENT_100:

CONTENT_101:

CONTENT_102:

CONTENT_103:

CONTENT_104:

CONTENT_105:

CONTENT_106:

CONTENT_107:

