HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors.
HEADER_2:
Risks related to our business
HEADER_3:
If we are unsuccessful at addressing our business challenges, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected and our ability to invest in and grow our business could be limited.
HEADER_4:
We operate in an intensely competitive industry and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance.
HEADER_5:
If we cannot successfully execute our go-to-market strategy and continue to develop, manufacture and market innovative products and services, our business and financial performance may suffer.
HEADER_6:
If we cannot continue to produce quality products and services, our reputation, business and financial performance may suffer.
HEADER_7:
We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our results.
HEADER_8:
Recent global, regional and local economic weakness and uncertainty could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
HEADER_9:
The net revenue and profitability of our operations have historically varied, which makes our future financial results less predictable.
HEADER_10:
If we fail to manage the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could suffer.
HEADER_11:
We depend on third-party suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage our suppliers effectively.
HEADER_12:
Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses.
HEADER_13:
Our uneven sales cycle makes planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable.
HEADER_14:
Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes or other factors could harm our business and financial performance.
HEADER_15:
Any failure by us to identify, manage and complete acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial results, business and prospects.
HEADER_16:
Integrating acquisitions may be difficult and time-consuming. Any failure by us to integrate acquired companies, products or services into our overall business in a timely manner could harm our financial results, business and prospects.
HEADER_17:
We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring plan and our restructuring may adversely affect our business.
HEADER_18:
Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend.
HEADER_19:
Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties
HEADER_20:
Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement are commonplace in our industry and successful third-party claims may limit or disrupt our ability to sell our products and services.
HEADER_21:
The allocation of intellectual property rights between Hewlett Packard Enterprise and HP as part of the Separation, and the shared use of certain intellectual property rights following the Separation, could adversely impact our reputation, our ability to enforce certain intellectual property rights that are important to us and our competitive position.
HEADER_22:
Our business and financial performance could suffer if we do not manage the risks associated with our services business properly.
HEADER_23:
Failure to comply with our customer contracts or government contracting regulations could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_24:
Our stock price has historically fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate, which may make future prices of our stock difficult to predict.
HEADER_25:
Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to capital markets.
HEADER_26:
We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements, and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_27:
Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our financial performance.
HEADER_28:
In order to be successful, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, develop and transition key employees, and failure to do so could seriously harm us.
HEADER_29:
System security risks, data protection breaches, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely affect our stock price.
HEADER_30:
Terrorist acts, conflicts, wars and geopolitical uncertainties may seriously harm our business and revenue, costs and expenses and financial condition and stock price.
HEADER_31:
Our business is subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that could result in costs or other sanctions that adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_32:
Some anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt.
HEADER_33:
Risks Related to the Separation
HEADER_34:
The separation of Hewlett-Packard Company into two independent publicly traded companies is subject to various risks and uncertainties and may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits.
HEADER_35:
The Separation could result in substantial tax liability.
HEADER_36:
We or Hewlett Packard Enterprise may fail to perform under the transaction agreements executed as part of the Separation.
