HEADER_1:
Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. The risks described
HEADER_2:
below are not exhaustive of the risks that might affect our business. Other risks,
HEADER_3:
including those we currently deem immaterial, may also impact our business. Any of
HEADER_4:
the following risks could materially adversely affect our business operations,
HEADER_5:
results of operations and financial condition and could result in a significant
HEADER_6:
decline in our stock price.
HEADER_7:
Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described in this section. This section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto, and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
HEADER_8:
We expect our operating results to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which could cause our stock price to fluctuate or decline.
HEADER_9:
Our stock price may be volatile and your investment in our common stock could suffer a decline in value.
HEADER_10:
Our plan to separate into two independent, publicly traded companies is subject to various risks and uncertainties and may not be completed in accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timeline, or at all, and will involve significant time, expense and management attention, any of which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
HEADER_11:
Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources than we do, and to be competitive we may be required to lower our prices or increase our sales and marketing expenses, which could result in reduced margins or loss of market share.
HEADER_12:
If we fail to continue to introduce or acquire new products that achieve broad market acceptance on a timely basis, we will not be able to compete effectively and we will be unable to increase or maintain net revenue and gross margins.
HEADER_13:
We rely on a limited number of traditional and online retailers, wholesale distributors and service provider customers for a substantial portion of our sales, and our net revenue could decline if they refuse to pay our requested prices or reduce their level of purchases or if there is significant consolidation in our customer base that results in fewer customers for our products.
HEADER_14:
We obtain several key components from limited or sole sources, and if these sources fail to satisfy our supply requirements or we are unable to properly manage our supply requirements with our third-party manufacturers, we may lose sales and experience increased component costs.
HEADER_15:
We depend on large, recurring purchases from certain significant customers, and a loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by these customers could negatively affect our revenue.
HEADER_16:
We depend on a limited number of third-party manufacturers for substantially all of our manufacturing needs. If these third-party manufacturers experience any delay, disruption or quality control problems in their operations, we could lose market share and our brand may suffer.
HEADER_17:
Product security vulnerabilities, data protection breaches and cyber-attacks could disrupt our products or services, and any such disruption could increase our expenses, damage our reputation, harm our business and adversely affect our stock price.
HEADER_18:
If we do not effectively manage our sales channel inventory and product mix, we may incur costs associated with excess inventory, or lose sales from having too few products.
HEADER_19:
System security risks, data protection breaches and cyber-attacks could disrupt our internal operations or information technology systems, and any such disruption could reduce our expected revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely affect our stock price.
HEADER_20:
We are exposed to adverse currency exchange rate fluctuations in jurisdictions where we transact in local currency, which could harm our financial results and cash flows.
HEADER_21:
If we fail to overcome the challenges associated with managing our broadband service provider sales channel, our net revenue and gross profit will be negatively impacted.
HEADER_22:
The average selling prices of our products typically decrease rapidly over the sales cycle of the product, which may negatively affect our net revenue and gross margins.
HEADER_23:
We depend substantially on our sales channels, and our failure to maintain and expand our sales channels would result in lower sales and reduced net revenue.
HEADER_24:
If we lose the services of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick C.S. Lo, or our other key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively.
HEADER_25:
Changes in tax rates, adverse changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our future profitability.
HEADER_26:
Global economic conditions could materially adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.
HEADER_27:
Our sales and operations in international markets expose us to operational, financial and regulatory risks.
HEADER_28:
We must comply with indirect tax laws in multiple jurisdictions, as well as complex customs duty regimes worldwide. Audits of our compliance with these rules may result in additional liabilities for taxes, duties, interest and penalties related to our international operations which would reduce our profitability.
HEADER_29:
If our products contain defects or errors, we could incur significant unexpected expenses, experience product returns and lost sales, experience product recalls, suffer damage to our brand and reputation, and be subject to product liability or other claims.
HEADER_30:
We have been and will be investing increased additional in-house resources on software research and development, which could disrupt our ongoing business and present distinct risks from our historically hardware-centric business.
HEADER_31:
We are currently involved in numerous litigation matters and may in the future become involved in additional litigation, including litigation regarding intellectual property rights, which could be costly and subject us to significant liability.
HEADER_32:
As part of growing our business, we have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions. If we fail to successfully select, execute or integrate our acquisitions, then our business and operating results could be harmed and our stock price could decline. 
HEADER_33:
We are subject to, and must remain in compliance with, numerous laws and governmental regulations concerning the manufacturing, use, distribution and sale of our products, as well as any such future laws and regulations. Some of our customers also require that we comply with their own unique requirements relating to these matters. Any failure to comply with such laws, regulations and requirements, and any associated unanticipated costs, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
HEADER_34:
If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
HEADER_35:
We are required to evaluate our internal controls under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and any adverse results from such evaluation, including restatements of our issued financial statements, could impact investor confidence in the reliability of our internal controls over financial reporting.
HEADER_36:
If disruptions in our transportation network occur or our shipping costs substantially increase, we may be unable to sell or timely deliver our products, and our operating expenses could increase.
HEADER_37:
We are exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers and to credit exposures in weakened markets, which could result in material losses.
HEADER_38:
Expansion of our operations and infrastructure may strain our operations and increase our operating expenses.
HEADER_39:
We invest in companies for both strategic and financial reasons, but may not realize a return on our investments.
HEADER_40:
We rely upon third parties for technology that is critical to our products, and if we are unable to continue to use this technology and future technology, our ability to develop, sell, maintain and support technologically innovative products would be limited.
HEADER_41:
If we are unable to secure and protect our intellectual property rights, our ability to compete could be harmed.
HEADER_42:
Political events, war, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters, sudden changes in trade and immigration policies, and other circumstances could materially adversely affect us. 
HEADER_43:
Governmental regulations of imports or exports affecting Internet security could affect our net revenue.
HEADER_44:
We are exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market values of our investment portfolio. 
