CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:
&#32;We incur indebtedness to finance our operations and we have substantial amounts of outstanding indebtedness and debt service requirements. Our credit facility contains customary affirmative, negative and financial covenants, including a maximum total leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. Our ability to meet our payment and other obligations and covenants under our indebtedness depends on our ability to generate significant cash flow. This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. There is no assurance that our business will generate cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us under our existing (or any amended) credit facilities or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet payment obligations under any indebtedness we may incur from time to time. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations or meet required debt covenants, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. There is no assurance that we will be able to implement any of these alternatives on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may not be able to meet our payment obligations under any indebtedness we owe. In addition, an inability to meet our payment obligations under any indebtedness may trigger a default, and possible acceleration of payment terms, under the applicable debt financing agreements. Furthermore, the interest rate on certain of these instruments is tied to short term interest rate benchmarks including the Prime Rate and LIBOR.&#160; Interest rates have remained at historically low levels for a prolonged period of time and we expect interest rates to rise in the future. If the rate of interest we pay on our borrowings increases it would increase our debt-related expenditures. &#160;There is no assurance that our business will generate cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings will be available to us under our existing (or any amended) credit facilities or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet payment obligations (including any increased interest payment obligations) under any indebtedness we may incur from time to time.As of January 1, 2017, our outstanding debt primarily included $332.0 million related to our Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, $150.0 million of 2.00% Senior Exchangeable Notes assumed from Spansion, $95.0 million Term Loan A, net of costs,  $444.4 million Term Loan B, net of costs and $287.5 million of 4.50% Senior Exchangeable Notes.&#160;&#160;See Note 14  of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our debt obligations and Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our capital leases.
CONTENT_5:
The semiconductor industry is intensely competitive. This intense competition results in a difficult operating environment that is marked by erosion of average selling prices over the life of each product and rapid technological change resulting in limited product life cycles. In order to offset selling price decreases, we attempt to decrease the manufacturing costs of our products and to introduce new, higher priced products that incorporate advanced features. If these efforts are not successful or do not occur in a timely manner, or if our newly introduced products do not gain market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously harmed.Our ability to compete successfully in the rapidly evolving semiconductor industry depends on many factors, including:&#8226;our success in developing and marketing new products, software platforms and manufacturing technologies and bringing them to market on a timely basis;&#8226;the quality and price of our products;&#8226;the willingness of our customer base to absorb any increase in the price that we sell our products;&#8226;the pace at which customers incorporate our products into their systems, as is sometimes evidenced by design wins;&#8226;the diversity of our product lines;&#8226;the cost effectiveness of our design, development, manufacturing, support and marketing efforts, especially as compared to our competitors;&#8226;our success in developing and introducing firmware in a timely manner;&#8226;our customer service and customer satisfaction;&#8226;our ability to successfully execute our flexible manufacturing strategy;&#8226;the number, strength and nature of our competitors, the markets they target and the rate and success of their technological advances;14&#8226;the success of certain of our development activity which is a part of our internal startups;&#8226;our ability to get competitive terms with our vendors, manufacturing partners and suppliers;&#8226;general economic conditions;&#8226;our ability to maintain supply of products from third party manufacturers; and&#8226;our access to and the availability of working capital.Although we believe we currently compete effectively in the above areas to the extent they are within our control, given the pace of change in our industry (including recent trends toward consolidation in the industry), our current abilities are not guarantees of future success. If we are unable to compete successfully in this environment, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be seriously harmed.
CONTENT_6:
Our Board of Directors previously adopted a policy pursuant to which the Company would pay quarterly cash distributions on our common stock. The declaration and payment of any dividend is subject to the approval of our Board and our dividend may be discontinued or reduced at any time. There can be no assurance that we will declare cash dividends in the future in any particular amounts, or at all.  Future dividends, if any, and their timing and amount, may be affected by, among other factors, management&#8217;s views on potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions; earnings levels; contractual restrictions; our cash position and overall financial condition; debt related payments and commitments, including restrictive covenants which may limit our ability to pay a dividend; changes in tax or corporate laws; our ability to repatriate cash into the United States; stock repurchase programs; the need to invest in research and development or other parts of our business operations; and changes to our business model. Accordingly, our distribution payments may change from time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare distributions in any particular amounts or at all. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that the cash distributions, if any, will continue to be treated for income tax purposes as a return of capital. A reduction in our distribution payments or a change in the tax treatment of future distributions could have a negative effect on our stock price.
CONTENT_7:
On July 5, 2016, we completed our acquisition of the IoT business of Broadcom. For additional information, see Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The success of the transaction will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to our ability to successfully integrate the assets of the IoT business (including employees) into our Microcontroller and Connectivity Division operations; our ability to achieve the anticipated strategic benefits of the acquisition; and our ability to keep transaction costs within an anticipated range. The addition of Broadcom&#8217;s IoT assets may not improve our ability to address the IoT market as much or as quickly as we anticipate. We have incurred significant costs associated with transaction fees, professional services and other costs related to the acquisition and we will continue to incur additional costs in connection with the integration of the business. If these costs exceed our expectations, it could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. Furthermore, we incurred substantial indebtedness to pay for the acquisition. For additional information, see the risk factor titled &#8220;
CONTENT_8:
.&#8221;
CONTENT_9:
From time to time, we have implemented restructuring plans to reduce our operating costs and/or shift our expenditures to different areas of our business.  However, if we have not sufficiently reduced operating expenses or if revenues are below our expectations, we may be required to engage in additional restructuring activities, which could result in additional restructuring charges. These restructuring charges could harm our results of operations. Further, our restructuring plans could result in potential adverse effects on employee capabilities, on our ability to achieve design wins, and our ability to maintain and enhance our customer base. Such events could harm our efficiency and our ability to act quickly and effectively in the rapidly changing technology markets in which we sell our products.  In addition, we may be unsuccessful in our efforts, to realign our organizational structure and shift our investments and focus to our high-growth businesses.
CONTENT_10:
From time to time, we may divest certain businesses, product lines or assets, both acquired or otherwise, that are no longer strategically important, or we may exit minority investments, which could materially affect our cash flows and results of 15operations. If we decide to divest a business, product line or assets, we may encounter difficulty in finding or completing such divestiture opportunity (or alternative exit strategy) on acceptable terms or in a timely manner. These circumstances could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives or cause us to incur additional expenses with respect to the business, product line or assets that we seek to dispose. In addition, any delay in the timing of a divestiture transaction may negatively impact our business operations or liquidity for a period of time. Alternatively, we may dispose of businesses, product lines or assets at prices or on terms that are less favorable than we had anticipated. Even following a divestiture, we may be contractually obligated with respect to certain continuing obligations to customers, vendors, landlords or other third parties. Accordingly, we may be dependent on the new owner (of such business, product line or manufacturing facility) to fulfill our continuing obligations to our customers. We may also have continuing obligations for pre-existing liabilities related to the divested assets or businesses. Such obligations may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Any such dispositions could also result in disruption to other parts of our business, potential loss of employees or customers (especially if the new owner is unable or unwilling to assist us in fulfilling any continuing obligations to our customers),  potential loss of revenue, negative impact on our margins, exposure to unanticipated liabilities or result in ongoing obligations and liabilities to us following any such divestiture. We may also incur significant costs associated with exit or disposal activities, related impairment charges, or both.
CONTENT_11:
The actions of activist stockholders, including any related legal proceedings, could adversely affect our business. Specifically:&#8226;responding to common actions of an activist stockholder, such as public proposals and requests for special meetings, nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors, requests that certain executive officers or directors depart the Company, requests to make changes to internal business operations, requests to pursue a strategic combination or other transaction or other special requests, could disrupt our operations, be costly and time-consuming or divert the attention of our management and employees;&#160;&#8226;perceived uncertainties as to our future direction in relation to the actions of an activist stockholder, including any perceived changes at the board or management level, may result in the loss of potential business opportunities or the perception that we are unstable and need to make changes, which may be exploited by our competitors and make it more difficult to attract and retain key personnel as well as consumers and service providers;&#8226;actions of an activist stockholder, especially any legal proceedings, may divert management time and attention away from execution on the Company&#8217;s business operations and cause the Company to incur significant costs, including expenses related to legal, public relations, investment banking, and/or proxy advisory services; &#8226;the presence of cumulative voting for the election of Company directors may enable the election (to our board of directors) of director candidates who represent the interests of only a specific stockholder (or a small group of stockholders) and who are not supported by a majority of the Company's stockholder base; and&#8226;actions of an activist stockholder may cause fluctuations in our stock price based on speculative market perceptions, unflattering media coverage, or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business.
CONTENT_12:
There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our markets for several years. We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. Industry consolidation may result in stronger companies that are better able to compete with us. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
CONTENT_13:
The semiconductor industry has historically been characterized by wide fluctuations in the demand for, and supply of, semiconductors. Demand for our products depends in large part on the continued growth of various electronics industries that use our products, including, but not limited to:&#8226;automotive applications including advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS), instrument clusters, infotainment systems, body electronics, connectivity, HVAC controls, event data recorders, powertrains and electric vehicle/hybrid-electric vehicle systems;&#8226;industrial systems including factory automation equipment, smart electric meters, aerospace, industrial controls, point-of-sale terminals and test equipment;&#8226;IoT products;&#8226;consumer electronics including wearable electronics, smartphones and other mobile devices, gaming consoles, gamepads, remote controls, toys, presenter tools, TVs, set-top boxes and fitness equipment;16&#8226;wireless telecommunications equipment;&#8226;computers and computer-related peripherals;&#8226;medical equipment; and&#8226;networking equipment.Any downturn, shift in product launch schedule or reduction in the growth of these industries could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We order materials and build our products based primarily on our internal forecasts, customer and distributor forecasts and secondarily on existing orders, which may be cancelled under many circumstances. Because our markets can be volatile, are based on consumer demand and subject to rapid technological and price changes, our forecasts may be inaccurate, causing us to make too many or too few of certain products.&#32;Our customers frequently place orders requesting product delivery almost immediately after the order is made, which makes forecasting customer demand even more difficult, particularly when supply is abundant. In addition, demand for our products could be materially different from our expectations due to changes in customer order patterns, including order deferrals or cancellations. If we experience inadequate demand, order cancellations, or a significant shift in the mix of product orders that makes our existing capacity and capability inadequate, our fixed costs per semiconductor produced will increase, which will harm our financial condition and results of operations. Alternatively, if we should experience a sudden increase in demand, we will need to quickly ramp our inventory and/or manufacturing capacity to adequately respond to our customers. If we or our manufacturing partners are unable to ramp our inventory or manufacturing capacity in a timely manner or at all, we risk losing our customers&#8217; business, which could have a negative impact on our financial performance and reputation.
CONTENT_14:
&#32;&#32;Like many semiconductor companies, which operate in a highly competitive, quickly changing environment marked by rapid obsolescence of existing products, our future success depends on our ability to develop and introduce new products that customers choose to buy. Our new products, for example PSoC&#174; products, our connectivity products, USB-C, and Traveo, are an important strategic focus for us and therefore, they tend to consume a significant amount of our resources. The new products the market requires tend to be increasingly complex, incorporating more functions including software and security and operating at faster speeds than old products.Increasing complexity generally requires smaller features on a chip. This makes manufacturing new generations of products substantially more difficult than prior generations.Despite the significant amount of resources we commit to new products, there can be no guarantee that such products will perform as expected or at all, be introduced on time to meet customer schedules or gain market acceptance. If we fail to introduce new product designs or technologies in a timely manner, or are unable to manufacture products according to these design requirements, or if our customers do not successfully introduce new systems or products incorporating our products or if market demand for our new products does not materialize as anticipated, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed.
CONTENT_15:
Making semiconductors is a highly complex and precise process, requiring production in a tightly controlled, clean environment. Even very small impurities in our manufacturing materials, defects in the masks used to print circuits on a wafer or other problems in the wafer fabrication process can cause a substantial percentage of wafers to be rejected or numerous chips on each wafer to be non-functional. We and, similarly, our third party foundry partners, may experience problems in achieving an acceptable success rate in the manufacture of wafers and the likelihood of facing such difficulties is higher in connection with the transition to new manufacturing methods. The interruption of wafer fabrication or the failure to achieve acceptable manufacturing yields at any of our facilities, or the facilities of our third-party foundry partners, would seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. This risk may be exacerbated by the divestiture of any of our manufacturing facilities, as we would be increasing our reliance on third-party partners in that situation. In March 2017, we completed the sale of our semiconductor wafer fabrication facility in Bloomington, Minnesota. The purchaser intends to operate the fab as a stand-alone business that will manufacture wafers for Cypress and for other 17semiconductor manufacturers. Although this transaction allows us to reduce our manufacturing footprint, it will increase our reliance on third party suppliers.  Accordingly, if the new owner of our Bloomington fab is unable to effectively operate the facility, faces financial difficulty, or is otherwise unable to meet our product demands, our supply of components may be adversely affected.  Such events could lead to difficulties in delivering products to our customers on time and have a negative impact on our revenue and financial results.We may also experience manufacturing problems in our assembly and test operations and in the introduction of new packaging materials.
CONTENT_16:
Although many of our products are fabricated in our manufacturing facilities located in Minnesota, Austin, Malaysia and the Philippines, we rely to a significant extent on independent contractors to manufacture and assemble our products. In addition, on March 1, 2017, we divested our manufacturing facility located in Minnesota, which reduces our internal manufacturing capacity.&#32;If market demand for our products exceeds our internal manufacturing capacity and available capacity from our foundry partners, we may seek additional foundry manufacturing arrangements.A shortage in foundry manufacturing capacity, which is more likely to occur at times of increasing demand, could hinder our ability to meet demand for our products and therefore adversely affect our operating results. In addition, greater demand for wafers produced by any such foundries without an offsetting increase in foundry capacity raises the likelihood of potential wafer price increases. Our operations would be disrupted if any of our foundry partners terminates its relationship with us or experiences financial difficulty and we are unable to arrange a satisfactory alternative to fulfill customer orders on a timely basis and in a cost-effective manner. There are also only a few foundry vendors that have the capabilities to manufacture our most advanced products. If we engage alternative sources of supply, we may encounter start-up difficulties, yield issues or incur additional costs. Shipments could be delayed significantly while these sources are qualified for volume production.While a high percentage of our products are assembled, packaged and tested at our manufacturing facilities located in the Philippines and Malaysia, we rely on independent subcontractors to assemble, package and test the balance of our products. We cannot be certain that these subcontractors will continue to assemble, package and test products for us on acceptable economic and quality terms or at all and it might be difficult for us to find alternatives if they do not do so.Our foundry partners and assembly and test subcontractors have operations in locations that may suffer the impact of certain natural disasters, which could impact their ability to provide us with our products. We monitor these events closely, but if one of our third party manufacturing partners were to suffer significant damage to its operations as a result of a natural disaster, our ability to timely meet consumer demand would suffer which would materially harm our results of operations.Our channel partners include distributors and resellers. We continue to expand and change our relationships with our distributors. Worldwide sales through our distributors accounted for approximately 73.0% of our net sales in fiscal year 2016. We rely on many distributors to assist us in creating customer demand, providing technical support and other value-added services to our customers, filling customer orders and stocking our products. We face ongoing business risks due to our reliance on our channel partners to create and maintain customer relationships where we have a limited or no direct relationship. Should our relationships with our channel partners or their effectiveness decline, we face the risk of declining demand which could affect our revenue and results of operations. Our contracts with our distributors may be terminated by either party upon notice. The termination of a significant distributor or a reseller could (a) impact our revenue and limit our access to certain end-customers, (b) result in the return of a material amount of inventory held by the distributor or reseller that we may not be able to resell or have to resell at a loss, and (c) jeopardize our ability to collect accounts receivable originating through that distributor or reseller. In addition, our distributors are located all over the world and are of various sizes and financial strength. Any disruptions to our distributors&#8217; operations such as lower sales, lower earnings, debt downgrades, the inability to access capital markets and/or higher interest rates could have an adverse impact on our business.We also rely on independent carriers and freight haulers to move our products between manufacturing plants and our customers&#8217; facilities. Transport or delivery problems due to their error or because of unforeseen interruptions in their business due to factors such as strikes, political instability, terrorism, natural disasters or accidents could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations and ultimately impact our relationship with our customers.18
CONTENT_17:
The protection of our intellectual property rights, as well as those of our subsidiaries, is essential to keeping others from copying the innovations that are critical to our existing and future products. It may be possible for an unauthorized third party to reverse-engineer or decompile our software products. The process of seeking patent protection can be long and expensive and we cannot be certain that any currently pending or future applications will actually result in issued patents, or that, even if patents are issued, they will be respected by third parties. Furthermore, our flexible fab initiative requires us to enter into technology transfer agreements with external partners, providing third party access to our intellectual property and resulting in additional risk. In some cases, these technology transfer and/or license agreements are with foreign companies and subject our intellectual property to regulation in foreign countries which may afford less protection and/or result in increased costs to enforce such agreements or intellectual property rights. We anticipate that we will continue to enter into these kinds of licensing arrangements in the future. Consequently, we may become involved in litigation, in the United States or abroad, to enforce our patents or other intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets and know-how, to determine the validity or scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of invalidity. We are also from time to time involved in litigation relating to alleged infringement by us of others&#8217; patents or other intellectual property rights.Moreover, a key element of our strategy is to enter new markets with our products. If we are successful in entering these new markets, we will likely be subject to additional risks of potential infringement claims against us as our technologies are deployed in new applications and face new competitors. We may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights, particularly in certain international markets, making misappropriation of our intellectual property more likely. Patent litigation, if necessary or if and when instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management&#8217;s attention and resources.  In addition, in August 2016, we entered into a series of agreements to divest a large number of older, legacy patents.  The divestiture of these patents may limit our ability to make certain legal claims, and to be successful, in future patent litigation.We also rely on trade secret protection for our technology, in part through confidentiality and other written agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties. Through these and other written agreements, we attempt to control access to and distribution of our intellectual property documentation and other proprietary technology information. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, former employees, consultants or third parties may, in an unauthorized manner, attempt to use, copy or otherwise obtain and market or distribute our intellectual property rights or technology or otherwise develop a product with the same functionality as our technology. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights is difficult, and nearly impossible on a worldwide basis. Therefore, we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken or will take in the future will prevent misappropriation of our technology or intellectual property rights, particularly in foreign countries where we do business or where our technology is sold or used, where the laws may not protect proprietary rights as fully as do the laws of the United States or where the enforcement of such laws is not common or effective.
CONTENT_18:
Other companies or entities also have commenced, and may again commence, actions seeking to establish the invalidity of our patents. While we intend to defend these actions vigorously, there is no guarantee of success, and such effort takes significant financial and time resources from the Company. In the event that one or more of our patents are challenged, a court or the United States Patent and Trademark Office may invalidate the patent(s) or determine that the patent(s) is not enforceable, which could harm our competitive position. If our patents are invalidated, or if the scope of the claims in any of these patents is limited by a court or USPTO decision, we could be prevented from pursuing certain litigation matters or licensing the invalidated or limited portion of such patents. Such adverse decisions could negatively impact our future, expected revenue.Intellectual property litigation is frequently expensive to both the winning party and the losing party and could take up significant amounts of management&#8217;s time and attention. In addition, if we lose such a lawsuit, a court could find that our intellectual property rights are invalid, enabling our competitors to use our technology, or require us to pay substantial damages and/or royalties or prohibit us from using essential technologies. In addition, in August 2016, we entered into a series of agreements to divest a large number of older, legacy patents.  The divestiture of these patents may limit our ability to make certain legal claims, and to be successful, in future patent litigation. For these and other reasons, intellectual property litigation could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, although in certain instances we may seek to obtain a license under a third party&#8217;s intellectual property rights in order to bring an end to certain claims or actions asserted against us, we may be unable to obtain such a license on reasonable terms or at all. We believe we have meritorious defenses and claims in our current litigation and we intend to defend and pursue such claims vigorously. Unfortunately, such litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and may negatively impact our business.19
CONTENT_19:

CONTENT_20:

CONTENT_21:
We have made a financial commitment to certain investments in startup businesses. Despite the significant amount of resources we commit to these startups, there can be no guarantee that such businesses will perform as expected or at all, launch new products and solutions as expected or gain market acceptance. If these startups businesses fail to introduce new products and solutions or successfully develop new technologies, or if customers do not successfully introduce new systems or products incorporating the products or solutions offered by these startup businesses or if market demand for the products or solutions offered by these startups businesses do not materialize as anticipated, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed as a result of impairment of the carrying value of our investments in such startups.
CONTENT_22:
From time to time we have shared our views in press releases or SEC filings, on public conference calls and in other contexts about current business conditions and our expectations as to our future results of operations. Correctly identifying the key factors affecting business conditions and predicting future events is inherently an uncertain process, especially in uncertain economic times. Given the complexity and volatility of our business, our analyses and forecasts have in the past and will likely in the future, prove to be incorrect. We offer no assurance that such predictions or analyses will ultimately be accurate, and 20investors should treat any such predictions or analysis with appropriate caution. Any analysis or forecast that we make which ultimately proves to be inaccurate may adversely affect our stock price.
CONTENT_23:
We are subject to many different international, federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations related to, among other things, the storage, use, discharge and disposal of toxic, volatile or otherwise hazardous chemicals used in our manufacturing process, conflict mineral and data privacy legislation, as well as the health and safety regulations related to our employees. Compliance with these regulations can be costly. We cannot assure you that we have been, or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws and regulations. If we violate or fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. Under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible, without regard to fault, for all of the costs relating to any contamination at our or our predecessors&#8217; past or present facilities and at third party waste disposal sites. We could also be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of human exposure to such substances or other environmental damage.Over the last several years, there has been increased public awareness of the potentially negative environmental impact of semiconductor manufacturing operations. This attention and other factors may lead to changes in environmental regulations that could force us to purchase additional equipment or comply with other potentially costly requirements. If we fail to control the use of, or to adequately restrict the discharge of, hazardous substances under present or future regulations, we could face substantial liability or suspension of our manufacturing operations, which could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.We face increasing complexity in our product design as we adjust to new and future requirements relating to the material composition of our products, including the restrictions on lead and other hazardous substances that apply to specified electronic products put on the market in the European Union, China and California. Other countries, including at the federal and state levels in the United States, are also considering similar laws and regulations. Certain electronic products that we maintain in inventory may be rendered obsolete if they are not in compliance with such laws and regulations, which could negatively impact our ability to generate revenue from those products. Although we cannot predict the ultimate impact of any such new laws and regulations, they will likely result in additional costs, or in the worst case decreased revenue, and could even require that we redesign or change how we manufacture our products. Such redesigns result in additional costs and possible delayed or lost revenue.
CONTENT_24:
Our worldwide operations could be adversely affected if disrupted for any reason, including natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, telecommunication or information technology system failures, regulatory or political issues, power or water shortages, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics or pandemics or other man- made disasters or catastrophic events. While we maintain business interruption insurance for our primary foreign manufacturing operations, we are self-insured for any loss or damage to our primary manufacturing facility.&#160;As such, the occurrence of any of these business disruptions for us or our third party manufacturers, partners or customers could result in significant losses, seriously harm our revenue and financial condition, adversely affect our competitive position, increase our costs and expenses, and require substantial expenditures and recovery time in order to fully resume operations. Our corporate headquarters, and a portion of our research and development activities, are located in California, and other critical business operations and some of our suppliers are located in California and Asia, near major earthquake faults known for seismic activity. The manufacture of product components, the final assembly of our products and other critical operations are concentrated in certain geographic locations, including the Philippines,Thailand, Malaysia, China and India. We also rely on major logistics hubs primarily in Asia to manufacture and distribute our products. The ultimate impact on us, our significant suppliers and our general infrastructure of being located near major earthquake faults and being consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown. However in the event of a major earthquake or other natural disaster or catastrophic event, our revenue, profitability and financial condition could suffer.
CONTENT_25:
Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential and proprietary information, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Computer 21programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products. The costs to us to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions and delays that may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions.We manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our business on the cloud. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery or other forms of deception, could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise harm our business. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures could be significant.Portions of our IT infrastructure also may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. We may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time consuming, disruptive and resource-intensive than originally anticipated. Such disruptions could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers resulting from these disruptions have adversely affected us in the past, and in the future could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation.
CONTENT_26:

CONTENT_27:

CONTENT_28:
A majority of our revenue is generated from customers located outside the U.S. and a substantial portion of our assets, including employees, are located outside the U.S. United States income tax has not been provided on a portion of earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to the extent that such earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. In the past, the administration has considered initiatives which could substantially reduce our ability to defer U.S. taxes including: limitations on deferral of U.S. taxation of foreign earnings eliminate utilization or substantially reduce our ability to claim foreign tax credits, and eliminate various tax deductions until foreign earnings are repatriated to the U.S. If any of these proposals are constituted into law, they could have a negative impact on our financial position and results of operations.We are subject to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, and from time to time we are subject to income tax audits or similar proceedings in other jurisdictions in which we do business, and as a result we may incur additional costs and expenses or owe additional taxes, interest and penalties which will negatively impact our operating results.22We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, and our determination of our tax liability is subject to review by applicable domestic and foreign tax authorities. The results of these U.S. and certain foreign jurisdiction examinations may result in a decrease of our current estimate of unrecognized tax benefits or an increase of our actual tax liabilities which could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.Tax bills are introduced from time to time to reform U.S. taxation of international business activities. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, also recently released guidance covering various topics, including country-by-country reporting, definitional changes to permanent establishment and Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, or BEPS, an initiative that aims to standardize and modernize global tax policy. Depending on the final guidance and legislation ultimately enacted, if any, there may be significant consequences for us due to the large scale of our international business activities.In addition, policies regarding corporate income taxes in numerous jurisdictions are under heightened scrutiny. In particular, tax and regulatory reform has been highlighted as a key priority for the new U.S. administration. As a result, fundamental tax policy could be altered and decisions by tax authorities regarding treatments and positions of corporate income taxes could be subject to change and/or enhanced legislative investigation and inquiry. These developments could result in changes in tax policies or prior tax rulings. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these investigations and inquiries. As such, the taxes we previously paid may be subject to change and our taxes may increase in the future, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and our corporate reputation.
CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:
Acquisitions are an important element of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital. These transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. We expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions. The process of integrating an acquired company, business, or technology has 23created, and will continue to create, unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The areas where we face risks include, but are not limited to:&#8226;Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to integration challenges;&#8226;Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention of employees from the businesses we acquire;&#8226;Successfully transitioning the current customer, supplier, foundry and other partnering relationships of the acquired company;&#8226;Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company;&#8226;Integration of the acquired company&#8217;s accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and coordination of product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions;&#8226;In the case of acquired companies with global operations, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries;&#8226;Failure to successfully further develop the acquired business or technology;&#8226;Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including intellectual property infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities; and&#8226;Pending litigation or other known or unknown claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims by stockholders for breach of fiduciary duties, terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, or other third parties.Our failure to address these and other risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or current acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. Current and future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition or results. As a result, the anticipated benefit of any of our acquisitions may not be realized.
CONTENT_32:
We make investments in companies to further our strategic objectives and support our key business initiatives. Such investments include equity instruments of private companies, and many of these instruments are non-marketable at the time of our initial investment. These companies range from early-stage companies that are often still defining their strategic direction to more mature companies with established revenue streams and business models. The success of these companies is dependent on product development, market acceptance, operational efficiency, and other key business factors as well as their ability to secure additional funding, obtain favorable investment terms for future financings, or participate in liquidity events such as public offerings, mergers, and private sales. If any of these companies fail, we could lose all or part of our investment in that company. If we determine that other-than-temporary decline in the fair value exists for an equity investment in a company in which we have invested, we write down the investment to its fair value and recognize the related write-down as an investment loss.When the strategic objectives of an investment have been achieved, or if the investment or business diverges from our strategic objectives, we may decide to dispose of the investment. We may incur losses on the disposal of our investments. Additionally, for cases in which we are required under equity method accounting to recognize a proportionate share of another company's income or loss, such income or loss may impact our earnings. Gains or losses from equity securities could vary from expectations depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of securities, gains or losses from equity method investments, and impairment charges for equity and other investments.
CONTENT_33:
On October 20, 2015, our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase plan pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase our common stock in an aggregate amount not to exceed $450 million. Although our Board of Directors has approved a share repurchase program, the share repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of shares. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will continue to repurchase shares of our stock in any particular amounts, or at all. The stock repurchase plan could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice and in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock.  Through the end the 2016 fiscal year, the Company has repurchased a total of 29.5 million shares for a total cost of $239.2 million under the October 2015 stock repurchase plan. 24
CONTENT_34:
Our compensation program, which includes cash and share-based compensation award components, has been instrumental in attracting, hiring, motivating, and retaining qualified personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in our industry is extremely intense, particularly for engineering and other technical personnel. Our success depends on our continued ability to attract, hire, motivate, and retain qualified personnel and our share-based compensation award programs provide us with a competitive compensatory tool for this purpose. The continued use of our share-based compensation program is necessary for us to compete for engineering and other technical personnel and professional talent. In the future, if we are unable to obtain stockholder approval of additional shares for our share-based compensation award programs, we could be at a competitive disadvantage in the marketplace for qualified personnel.<div
