HEADER_1:
Unfavorable economic and market conditions, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
HEADER_2:
The trading price of our common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile due to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, and each of which could adversely affect our stockholders’ value.
HEADER_3:
In the second quarter of 2016, we incurred a material impairment charge with respect to our goodwill, and we may in the future incur impairments in the value of our goodwill, intangibles and property, plant and equipment.
HEADER_4:
We utilize debt financing and such indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and earnings per share. We may be unable to meet our payment obligations.
HEADER_5:
If we fail to compete successfully in our highly competitive industry and markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be seriously harmed.
HEADER_6:
There can be no assurance we will continue to declare dividends and that our cash distributions on common stock will continue to be considered a return of capital.
HEADER_7:
We face significant risks in connection with our acquisition of the IoT business of Broadcom that could impact our future growth and profitability.
HEADER_8:
We utilize debt financing and such indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and earnings per share. We may be unable to meet our payment obligations
HEADER_9:
We cannot be assured that our restructuring initiatives will be successful.
HEADER_10:
We may dispose of certain businesses, product lines or assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity.
HEADER_11:
Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions by activist stockholders.
HEADER_12:
Industry consolidation may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results.
HEADER_13:
We face significant volatility in supply and demand conditions for our products, and this volatility, as well as any failure by us to accurately forecast future supply and demand conditions, could materially and negatively impact our business.
HEADER_14:
If we fail to develop, introduce and sell new products or fail to develop and implement new technologies, our ability to compete in our end markets will suffer and our financial results could be adversely impacted.
HEADER_15:
The complex nature of our manufacturing activities, our broad product portfolio, and our increasing reliance on third-party manufacturers makes us highly susceptible to manufacturing problems and these problems can have a substantial negative impact on us if they occur.
HEADER_16:
We are dependent on third parties to manufacture products, distribute products, generate a significant portion of our product sales, fulfill our customer orders and transport our products. Problems in the performance or availability of these companies could seriously harm our financial performance.
HEADER_17:
We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights adequately.
HEADER_18:
We may be involved in intellectual property litigation and face significant expenses as a result of ongoing or future litigation.
HEADER_19:
We face additional problems and uncertainties associated with international operations that could seriously harm us.
HEADER_20:
We compete with others to attract and retain key personnel, and any loss of, or inability to attract, such personnel would harm us.
HEADER_21:
Our financial results could be adversely impacted if our investments in startups businesses fail to develop and successfully bring to market new and proprietary products.
HEADER_22:
Any guidance that we may provide about our business or expected future results may differ significantly from actual results.
HEADER_23:
We are subject to many different environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and directives, and compliance with them may be costly.
HEADER_24:
Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses.
HEADER_25:
System security risks, data protection or privacy breaches, cyber-attacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations and/or harm the reputation of the Company, and any such disruption or harm could cause a reduction in our expected revenue, increase our expenses, negatively impact our results of operation or otherwise adversely affect our stock price.
HEADER_26:
We maintain self-insurance for certain indemnities we have made to our officers and directors, and if a significant payment were to arise out of such liabilities, it could harm our financial condition and results of operation.
HEADER_27:
Regulations related to “conflict minerals” may force us to incur additional expenses, may make our supply chain more complex and may result in damage to our reputation with customers.
HEADER_28:
Changes in U.S. and international tax legislation and tax policy could materially impact our business.
HEADER_29:
If the tax incentive or tax holiday arrangements we have negotiated in Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand change or cease to be in effect or applicable, in part or in whole, for any reason, or if our assumptions and interpretations regarding tax laws and incentive or holiday arrangements prove to be incorrect, the amount of corporate income taxes we have to pay could significantly increase.
HEADER_30:
The accumulation of changes in our shares by “5-percent stockholders” could trigger an ownership change for U.S. income tax purposes, in which case our ability to utilize our net operating losses would be limited and therefore impact our future tax benefits.
HEADER_31:
Acquisitions and investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
HEADER_32:
We invest in companies for strategic reasons and may not realize a return on our investments.
HEADER_33:
We may have fluctuations in the amount and frequency of our stock repurchases  and there can be no assurance that we will continue to repurchase shares of our stock.
HEADER_34:
If we are unable to obtain stockholder approval of additional shares for our share-based compensation award programs in the future, we could be at a competitive disadvantage in the marketplace for qualified personnel.
