HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also significantly impair our business operations. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
HEADER_3:
We have a history of losses and we expect our revenue growth rate to continue to decline. As our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and sustain profitability.
HEADER_4:
We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and increases the risk of your investment.
HEADER_5:
We have experienced significant growth in recent periods and expect our growth to continue. If we are not able to manage this growth and expansion, or if our business does not grow as we expect, our operating results may suffer.
HEADER_6:
Our business depends on our customers purchasing additional subscriptions and products from us and renewing their subscriptions. Any decline in our customer expansions and renewals would harm our future operating results.
HEADER_7:
If we are not able to develop enhancements to our products, increase adoption and usage of our products, and introduce new products and capabilities that achieve market acceptance, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_8:
If customers do not expand their use of our products beyond the current predominant use cases, our ability to grow our business and operating results may be adversely affected.
HEADER_9:
We have limited experience with respect to determining the optimal prices and pricing structures for our products.
HEADER_10:
Failure to effectively expand our marketing and sales capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer adoption and achieve broader market acceptance of our products.
HEADER_11:
If we are unable to continue to increase the sales of our solutions to large enterprises while mitigating the risks associated with serving such customers, our business, financial position, and results of operations may suffer.
HEADER_12:
Because users are able to configure our platform to collect and store personal information of their employees and end-users, privacy concerns could result in additional cost and liability to us or inhibit sales of our products.
HEADER_13:
Changes in privacy laws, regulations, and standards may cause our business to suffer.
HEADER_14:
If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing customer needs, requirements, or preferences, our products may become less competitive.
HEADER_15:
We are dependent upon lead generation strategies to drive our sales and revenue. If these marketing strategies fail to continue to generate sales opportunities, our ability to grow our revenue will be adversely affected.
HEADER_16:
The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_17:
Because we recognize revenue from our subscriptions over the subscription term, downturns or upturns in new sales and renewals may not be immediately reflected in our operating results and may be difficult to discern.
HEADER_18:
The nature of our business requires the application of complex revenue recognition rules. Significant changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, from the adoption of recently issued accounting standards could materially affect our financial position and results of operations.
HEADER_19:
Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our sales and operating results.
HEADER_20:
Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure may adversely affect our business and operating results.
HEADER_21:
Defects or disruptions in our products and platform capabilities could diminish demand, harm our financial results, and subject us to liability.
HEADER_22:
Our ongoing and planned investments in data center hosting facilities are expensive and complex, may result in a negative impact on our cash flows, and may negatively impact our financial results.
HEADER_23:
Because our long-term growth strategy involves further expansion of our sales to customers outside the United States, our business will be susceptible to risks associated with international operations.
HEADER_24:
If we lose key members of our management team or are unable to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business may be harmed.
HEADER_25:
If we fail to enhance our brand, or to do so in a cost-effective manner, our ability to expand our customer adoption will be impaired and our financial condition may suffer.
HEADER_26:
If we cannot maintain our corporate culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, passion, and focus on execution that we believe contribute to our success, and our business may be harmed.
HEADER_27:
Acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, or alliances could be difficult to identify, pose integration challenges, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_28:
We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights.
HEADER_29:
Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand.
HEADER_30:
Our use of open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation.
HEADER_31:
We provide service level commitments under some of our customer contracts. If we fail to meet these contractual commitments, we could be obligated to provide credits or refunds for prepaid amounts related to unused subscriptions or face contract terminations, which could adversely affect our revenue.
HEADER_32:
If the market for our technology delivery model and SaaS develops more slowly than we expect, our growth may slow or stall, and our operating results would be harmed.
HEADER_33:
Our future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers.
HEADER_34:
We may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs. If additional capital is not available, we may have to delay, reduce, or cease certain investments.
HEADER_35:
Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all.
HEADER_36:
We are subject to the tax laws of various jurisdictions, which are subject to unanticipated changes and to interpretation, which could harm our future results.
HEADER_37:
The nature of our business requires the application of complex revenue recognition rules. Significant changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, from the adoption of recently issued accounting standards could materially affect our financial position and results of operations.
HEADER_38:
Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.
HEADER_39:
We may face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
HEADER_40:
Weakened global economic conditions may harm our industry, business, and results of operations.
HEADER_41:
Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could harm our business.
HEADER_42:
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members.
HEADER_43:
Our quarterly results may fluctuate, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of your investment could decline substantially.
HEADER_44:
Our stock price has been subject to fluctuations, and will likely continue to be subject to fluctuations, which may be volatile and due to factors beyond our control.
HEADER_45:
Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
HEADER_46:
If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_47:
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_48:
We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to changes in the value of our common stock.
