CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:
We have substantial debt and, as a result, we have
significant debt service obligations. On May 31, 2015, we entered into a $950.0 million Term Loan, a $150.0 million U.S. ABL, and a $150.0 million Asia ABL. We drew $80.0 million of the U.S. ABL at the closing of the acquisition of Viasystems.
In addition, we and a number of our direct and indirect subsidiaries have various credit, letters of credit and guarantee facilities. The agreements governing these facilities have certain provisions that require us to repay borrowings in scheduled
quarterly installments, which began on October 1, 2015. We may also be required to make an additional principal payment on an annual basis, based on certain parameters defined these agreements. For 2015, we are required to make an additional
annual payment of $61.1 million, which is required to be paid in March 2016. Such agreements also contain certain financial covenants which require us to maintain a specified consolidated leverage ratio and under the occurrence of certain events, a
consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio.  Our indebtedness could have important consequences to us and our shareholders
because in certain circumstances we may need to comply with the covenants in the agreements governing such indebtedness and dedicate funds to service our outstanding debt. For example, it could: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, which could in turn result in an event of default on such
indebtedness;   


 
&#149;
 
 require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations for debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash for
working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;   


 
&#149;
 
 impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other investments or
general corporate purposes, which may limit our ability to execute our business strategy;   


 
&#149;
 
 diminish our ability to withstand a downturn in our business, the industry in which we operate or the economy generally and restrict us from exploiting
business opportunities or making acquisitions;   


 
&#149;
 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate or the general economy;
  


 
&#149;
 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including movements in interest rates, which could result in increased
borrowing costs;   


 
&#149;
 
 limit management&#146;s discretion in operating our business; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage as compared to our competitors that have less debt as it could limit our ability to capitalize on future
business opportunities and to react to competitive pressures or adverse changes. 
   15 





Table of Contents

 We may be able to incur substantial additional debt in the future, some or all of which may
be secured by a lien on our assets. If new debt or other liabilities or obligations are added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we and our subsidiaries now face could intensify.
CONTENT_4:

CONTENT_5:
Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations and to fund planned capital expenditures and expansion
efforts depends on our ability to generate cash in the future and our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain regulatory, competitive, financial, business and
other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our debt. 
If we are unable to meet our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments or to sell assets, seek additional
capital (which could include obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive) or restructure or refinance our debt. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt
service obligations. Our operating results and available cash may in the future be insufficient to meet our debt service obligations. We could face substantial liquidity challenges and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to
meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or, if consummated, the proceeds of such dispositions may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.
CONTENT_6:

CONTENT_7:
On May 31, 2015, we consummated the acquisition
of Viasystems. This transaction and any other acquisitions we may pursue in the future involve numerous risks. As part of our business strategy, we expect that we will continue to grow by pursuing acquisitions of businesses, technologies, assets, or
product lines that complement or expand our business. Risks related to an acquisition may include:   


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to successfully integrate acquired operations and businesses or to realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale, or other
expected value;   


 
&#149;
 
 diversion of management&#146;s attention from normal daily operations of our existing business to focus on integration of the newly acquired business;
  


 
&#149;
 
 unforeseen expenses associated with the integration of the newly acquired business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in managing production and coordinating operations at new sites; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential loss of key employees of acquired operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to retain existing customers of acquired companies when we desire to do so; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 insufficient revenues to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential decrease in overall gross margins associated with acquiring a business with a different product mix; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the inability to identify certain unrecorded liabilities; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential need to restructure, modify, or terminate customer relationships of the acquired company; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 an increased concentration of business from existing or new customers; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to identify assets best suited to our business plan. 
   16 





Table of Contents

 Acquisitions may cause us to: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 enter lines of business and/or markets in which we have limited or no prior experience; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 issue debt and be required to abide by stringent loan covenants; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 assume liabilities; record goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing and potential periodic impairment
charges;   


 
&#149;
 
 become subject to litigation and environmental issues, which include product material content certifications related to conflict minerals;
  


 
&#149;
 
 incur unanticipated costs;   


 
&#149;
 
 incur large and immediate write-offs; and   


 
&#149;
 
 incur substantial transaction-related costs, whether or not a proposed acquisition is consummated. 
Acquisitions of high technology companies are inherently risky, and no assurance can be given that our recent or future acquisitions will
be successful. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions we make could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even when an acquired company has already developed and marketed
products, product enhancements may not be made in a timely fashion. In addition, unforeseen issues might arise with respect to such products after any such acquisition.
CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:
Uncertainty or adverse changes in the economy could lead to a significant decline in demand for the end products manufactured by our
customers, which, in turn, could result in a decline in the demand for our products and pressure to reduce our prices. As a result of the recent global economic downturn, many businesses appear to be experiencing weaker demand for their products and
services and, as a result, are taking a more conservative stance in ordering component inventory. Any decrease in demand for our products could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Uncertainty and
adverse changes in the economy could also increase the cost and decrease the availability of potential sources of financing and increase our exposure to losses from bad debts, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, operating results and cash flows.
CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:
In our Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2015, we announced
restructuring plans that are designed to align capacity, overhead costs and operating expenses with market demand. Our ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from our restructuring efforts within expected time frames is
subject to many estimates and assumptions, and may vary materially based on factors such as market conditions and the effect of our restructuring efforts on our work force. These estimates and assumptions are subject to significant economic,
competitive and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will fully realize the anticipated positive impacts to future financial results from our current or future restructuring efforts. If our
estimates and assumptions are incorrect or if other unforeseen events occur, we may not achieve the cost savings expected from such restructurings, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:
On May 31, 2015, we closed our acquisition of Viasystems. The success of the acquisition of Viasystems will depend, in part, on our ability to integrate Viasystems&#146; business with our existing
business and achieve efficiencies and cost savings, and no assurances can be given that we will be able to do so. For example, costs 
   17 





Table of Contents

 
associated with Viasystems&#146; legal proceedings and other loss contingencies may be greater than expected. In addition, in order to obtain the benefits of the acquisition of Viasystems, we
must integrate Viasystems&#146; operations. Such integration may be complex, and the failure to do so quickly and effectively may negatively affect earnings. The integration process may be complex, costly and time-consuming. The difficulties of
integrating the operations of Viasystems&#146; business include, among others:   


 
&#149;
 
 failure to implement our business plan for the combined business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 failure to retain key employees;   


 
&#149;
 
 failure to retain customers;   


 
&#149;
 
 operating, competitive and market risks inherent in Viasystems&#146; business and our business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the impact of the acquisition of Viasystems on our internal controls and compliance with the regulatory requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002; and   


 
&#149;
 
 unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities.  Although we expect to realize strategic, operational, and financial benefits as a result of the acquisition of Viasystems, we cannot be certain whether, and to what extent, such benefits will be achieved
in the future. We may not accomplish the integration of Viasystems&#146; business smoothly, successfully or within the anticipated cost range or timeframe. The diversion of our management&#146;s attention from our current operations to the
integration effort and any difficulties encountered in combining operations could prevent us from realizing the full benefits anticipated to result from the acquisition of Viasystems and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.  We have identified $55 million in annual cost savings, which are expected to be implemented within the
first 12 months following the consummation of the acquisition of Viasystems. While our management believes these cost savings are achievable, our ability to achieve such estimated cost savings in the timeframe described is subject to various
assumptions by management, which may or may not be realized. As a consequence, we may not be able to realize all of these cost savings within the time frame expected or at all. In addition, we may incur additional and/or unexpected costs in order to
realize these cost savings.
CONTENT_14:

CONTENT_15:
A portion of our cash and other current assets is held in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As of December 28, 2015, we had an
aggregate of approximately $217.4 million in current assets denominated in Chinese Renminbi (RMB) and the Hong Kong Dollar (HKD). Changes in exchange rates among other currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect the value of these assets as
translated to U.S. dollars on our balance sheet. To the extent that we ultimately decide to repatriate some portion of these funds to the United States, the actual value transferred could be impacted by movements in exchange rates. Any such type of
movement could negatively impact the amount of cash available to fund operations or to repay debt. To the extent that we may have outstanding indebtedness denominated in the U.S. dollar or in the HKD, the depreciation of the RMB against the
U.S. dollar or the HKD may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations (including the cost of servicing, and the value on our balance sheet of, the U.S. dollar and HKD-denominated
indebtedness). Additionally, we have revenues and costs denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar (primarily the RMB). Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the RMB could result in increases or decreases in our
costs or revenues which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Significant inflation or disproportionate changes in foreign exchange rates could occur as a result of general economic conditions, acts of
war or terrorism, changes in governmental monetary or tax policy, or changes in local interest rates. The impact of future exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the RMB and the U.S. dollar and the HKD cannot be predicted.
Further, China&#146;s government imposes controls over the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies, which subjects us to further currency exchange risk. 
   18 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_16:

CONTENT_17:
We manufacture products to our
customers&#146; specifications, which are highly complex and may contain design or manufacturing errors or failures, despite our quality control and quality assurance efforts. Defects in the products we manufacture, whether caused by a design,
manufacturing, or materials failure or error, may result in delayed shipments, customer dissatisfaction, a reduction or cancellation of purchase orders, or liability claims against us. If these defects occur either in large quantities or too
frequently, our business reputation may be impaired. Since our products are used in products that are integral to our customers&#146; businesses, errors, defects, or other performance problems could result in financial or other damages to our
customers beyond the cost of the PCB, for which we may be liable. Although our invoices and sales arrangements generally contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to product liability and related claims, existing or future laws or
unfavorable judicial decisions could negate these limitation of liability provisions. See &#147;&#151; We depend upon a relatively small number of OEM customers for a large portion of our sales, and a decline in sales to major customers would
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.&#148;  In addition, we manufacture
products for a range of automotive customers. If any of our products are or are alleged to be defective, we may be required to participate in a recall of such products. As suppliers become more integral to the vehicle design process and assume more
of the vehicle assembly functions, vehicle manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contributions when faced with product liability claims or recalls. In addition, vehicle manufacturers, which have traditionally borne the costs
associated with warranty programs offered on their vehicles, are increasingly requiring suppliers to guarantee or warrant their products and may seek to hold us responsible for some or all of the costs related to the repair and replacement of parts
supplied by us to the vehicle manufacturer.
CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:
A majority of our revenue is generated from the electronics
industry, which is characterized by intense competition, relatively short product life cycles, and significant fluctuations in product demand. The industry is subject to economic cycles and recessionary periods. Due to the uncertainty in the end
markets served by most of our customers, we have a low level of visibility with respect to future financial results. Consequently, our past operating results, earnings, and cash flows may not be indicative of our future operating results, earnings,
and cash flows.
CONTENT_20:

CONTENT_21:
A small number of customers are responsible for a significant portion of our sales. Our five largest OEM customers accounted for approximately 37%, 44% and 41% of our net sales for the years ended
December 28, 2015, December 29, 2014 and December 30, 2013, respectively, and one customer represented 20% of our sales for the year ended December 28, 2015. Sales attributed to OEMs include both direct sales as well as
sales that the OEMs place through EMS providers. Our customer concentration could fluctuate, depending on future customer requirements, which will depend in large part on market conditions in the electronics industry segments in which our customers
participate. The loss of one or more significant customers or a decline in sales to our significant customers would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we generate significant
accounts receivable in connection with providing manufacturing services to our customers. If one or more of our significant customers were to become insolvent or were otherwise unable to pay for the manufacturing services provided by us, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially adversely affected.  In addition, during industry
downturns, we may need to reduce prices to limit the level of order losses, and we may be unable to collect payments from our customers. There can be no assurance that key customers would 
   19 





Table of Contents

 
not cancel orders, that they would continue to place orders with us in the future at the same levels as experienced by us in prior periods, that they would be able to meet their payment
obligations, or that the end-products that use our products would be successful. This concentration of customer base may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations due to the loss or cancellation of
business from any of these key customers, significant changes in scheduled deliveries to any of these customers, or decreases in the prices of the products sold to any of these customers.
CONTENT_22:

CONTENT_23:
Given the high fixed costs of our operations, decreases in capacity
utilization rates can have a significant effect on our business. Accordingly, our ability to maintain or enhance gross margins will continue to depend, in part, on maintaining satisfactory capacity utilization rates. In turn, our ability to maintain
satisfactory capacity utilization will depend on the demand for our products, the volume of orders we receive, and our ability to offer products that meet our customers&#146; requirements at competitive prices. If current or future production
capacity fails to match current or future customer demands, our facilities would be underutilized, our sales may not fully cover our fixed overhead expenses, and we would be less likely to achieve expected gross margins. If forecasts and assumptions
used to support the realizability of our long-lived assets change in the future, significant impairment charges could result that would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
In addition, we generally schedule our quick turnaround production facilities at less than full capacity to retain our ability to respond
to unexpected additional quick-turn orders. However, if these orders are not received, we may forego some production and could experience continued excess capacity. If we conclude we have significant, long-term excess capacity, we may decide to
permanently close one or more of our facilities and lay off some of our employees. Closures or lay-offs could result in our recording restructuring charges such as severance, other exit costs, and asset impairments, as well as potentially causing
disruptions in our ability to supply customers.
CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:
Our results of operations fluctuate for a variety of reasons, including: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 timing of orders from and shipments to major customers; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the levels at which we utilize our manufacturing capacity; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 price competition;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in our mix of revenues generated from quick-turn versus standard delivery time services; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 expenditures, charges or write-offs, including those related to acquisitions, facility restructurings, or asset impairments; and
  


 
&#149;
 
 expenses relating to expanding existing manufacturing facilities. 
A significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature, and planned expenditures are based in part on anticipated
orders. Accordingly, unexpected revenue shortfalls may decrease our gross margins. In addition, we have experienced sales fluctuations due to seasonal patterns in the capital budgeting and purchasing cycles, as well as inventory management practices
of our customers and the end markets we serve. In particular, the seasonality of the cellular phone and tablet industries and quick-turn ordering patterns affect the overall PCB industry. These seasonal trends have caused fluctuations in our
operating results in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period. In addition, our future quarterly operating
results may fluctuate and may not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors. 
   20 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_26:

CONTENT_27:
A large percentage of our business is conducted with customers who are in the telecommunications industry. This industry is characterized
by intense competition, relatively short product life cycles, and significant fluctuations in product demand. This industry is heavily dependent on the end markets it serves and therefore can be affected by the demand patterns of those markets. If
the volatility in this industry continues, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_28:

CONTENT_29:
There
is uncertainty with respect to rising labor costs, particularly within China, where we have most of our manufacturing facilities. In recent periods there have been regular and significant increases in the minimum wage payable in various provinces of
China. In addition, we have experienced very high employee turnover in our manufacturing facilities in China, generally after the Chinese New Year, and we are experiencing ongoing difficulty in recruiting employees for these facilities. Furthermore,
labor disputes and strikes based partly on wages have in the past slowed or stopped production by certain manufacturers in China. In some cases, employers have responded by significantly increasing the wages of workers at such plants. Any increase
in labor costs due to minimum wage laws or customer requirements about scheduling and overtime that we are unable to recover in our pricing to our customers could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. In addition, the high turnover rate and our difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified employees and the other labor trends we are noting in China could result in a potential for defects in our products, production disruptions or
delays, or the inability to ramp production to meet increased customer orders, resulting in order cancellation or imposition of customer penalties if we are unable to deliver products in a timely manner. 
To respond to competitive pressures and customer requirements, we may further expand internationally in lower-cost locations. If we pursue
such expansions, we may be required to make additional capital expenditures. In addition, the cost structure in certain countries that are now considered to be favorable may increase as economies develop or as such countries join multinational
economic communities or organizations, causing local wages to rise. As a result, we may need to continue to seek new locations with lower costs and the employee and infrastructure base to support PCB manufacturing. We cannot assure investors that we
will realize the anticipated strategic benefits of our international operations or that our international operations will contribute positively to our operating results.  In our North America operations, rising health care costs pose a significant labor-related risk. We work with our insurance brokers and carriers to control the cost of health care for our employees.
However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will succeed, especially given recent and pending changes in government oversight of health care.
CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various
foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and, in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations in which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our
effective tax rates could be materially adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries and states with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, as
well as other factors. Our tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities, and developments in those audits could adversely affect our income tax provision. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final
determination of tax audits or tax disputes may be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
   21 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_32:

CONTENT_33:

CONTENT_34:

CONTENT_35:

CONTENT_36:

CONTENT_37:
Our business is labor intensive, utilizing large numbers of engineering and manufacturing personnel. Strikes or labor disputes with our
unionized employees, primarily in China, may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. If we are unable to reach agreement with any of our unionized work groups on future negotiations regarding the terms of their collective bargaining
agreements, we may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages. Any of these events could be disruptive to our operations and could result in negative publicity, loss of contracts, and a decrease in revenues. We may also become subject to
additional collective bargaining agreements in the future if more employees or segments of our workforce become unionized, including any of our employees in the United States. We have not experienced any labor problems resulting in a work stoppage,
except for a brief work stoppage associated with the announcement of the closure of our Suzhou, China facility in September 2013.
CONTENT_38:

CONTENT_39:
Most of our sales are on an &#147;open credit&#148; basis, with standard industry payment terms. We monitor individual customer payment capability in granting such open credit arrangements, seek to limit
such open credit to amounts we believe the customers can pay, and maintain reserves we believe are adequate to cover exposure for doubtful accounts. During periods of economic downturn in the electronics industry and the global economy, our exposure
to credit risks from our customers increases. Although we have programs in place to monitor and mitigate the associated risks, such programs may not be effective in reducing our credit risks. 
Our five largest OEM customers accounted for approximately 37%, 44% and 41% of our net sales for the years ended December 28,
2015, December 29, 2014 and December 30, 2013, respectively. Additionally, our OEM customers often direct a significant portion of their purchases through a relatively limited number of EMS companies. Sales to EMS companies
represented approximately 35%, 39% and 38% of our net sales for the years ended December 28, 2015, December 29, 2014 and December 30, 2013, respectively. Our contractual relationship is often with the EMS companies, who are
obligated to pay us for our products. Because we expect 
   22 





Table of Contents

 
our OEM customers to continue to direct our sales to EMS companies, we expect to continue to be subject to this credit risk with a limited number of EMS customers. If one or more of our
significant customers were to become insolvent or were otherwise unable to pay us, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_40:

CONTENT_41:
Although we have preferred suppliers for most of our raw materials, the materials we use are generally readily available in the open
market, and other potential suppliers exist. The components for backplane assemblies in some cases have limited or sole sources of supply. Consolidations and restructuring in our supplier base may result in adverse materials pricing due to reduction
in competition among our suppliers. Furthermore, if a raw material or component supplier fails to satisfy our product quality standards, including standards relating to &#147;conflict minerals&#148; (See &#147;&#151; We are subject to risks for the
use of certain metals from &#147;conflict minerals&#148; originating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.&#148;), it could harm our customer relationships. Suppliers may from time to time extend lead times, limit supplies, or increase prices due
to capacity constraints or other factors, which could harm our ability to deliver our products on a timely basis.
CONTENT_42:

CONTENT_43:
We have significant manufacturing operations in Asia and sales offices located in Asia and Europe, and we continue to consider additional opportunities to make foreign investments and construct new
foreign facilities.  For the year ended December 28, 2015, we generated 71% of our net sales from non-U.S. operations, and
a significant portion of our manufacturing material was provided by international suppliers during this period. As a result, we are subject to risks relating to significant international operations, including but not limited to: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 managing international operations;   


 
&#149;
 
 imposition of governmental controls;   


 
&#149;
 
 unstable regulatory environments;   


 
&#149;
 
 compliance with employment laws;   


 
&#149;
 
 implementation of disclosure controls, internal controls, financial reporting systems, and governance standards to comply with U.S. accounting and
securities laws and regulations;   


 
&#149;
 
 limitations on imports or exports of our product offerings; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 fluctuations in the value of local currencies;   


 
&#149;
 
 inflation or changes in political and economic conditions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 labor unrest, rising wages, difficulties in staffing, and geographical labor shortages; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 government or political unrest;   


 
&#149;
 
 longer payment cycles;   


 
&#149;
 
 language and communication barriers, as well as time zone differences; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 cultural differences;   


 
&#149;
 
 increases in duties and taxation levied on our products; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 other potentially adverse tax consequences;   


 
&#149;
 
 imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 travel restrictions; 
   23 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 expropriation of private enterprises; and   


 
&#149;
 
 the potential reversal of current favorable policies encouraging foreign investment and trade.
CONTENT_44:

CONTENT_45:
Under its current leadership, the government of China has been pursuing economic reform policies, including the encouragement of foreign
trade and investment and greater economic decentralization. No assurance can be given, however, that the government of China will continue to pursue such policies, that such policies will be successful if pursued, or that such policies will not be
significantly altered from time to time. Despite progress in developing its legal system, China does not have a comprehensive and highly developed system of laws, particularly with respect to foreign investment activities and foreign trade.
Enforcement of existing and future laws and contracts is uncertain, and implementation and interpretation thereof may be inconsistent. As the Chinese legal system develops, the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws, and the preemption
of local regulations by national laws may adversely affect foreign investors. Further, any litigation in China may be protracted and may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management&#146;s attention. In addition, though
changes in government policies and rules are timely published or communicated, there is usually no indication of the duration of any grace period before which full implementation and compliance will be required. As a result, we may operate our
business in violation of new rules and policies before full compliance can be achieved. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us.
CONTENT_46:

CONTENT_47:
A significant portion of our revenues is derived from
products and services ultimately sold to the U.S. government by our OEM and EMS customers and is therefore affected by, among other things, the federal budget process. We are a supplier, primarily as a subcontractor, to the U.S. government and its
agencies, as well as foreign governments and agencies. The contracts between our direct customers and the government end user are subject to political and budgetary constraints and processes, changes in short-range and long-range strategic plans,
the timing of contract awards, the congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes, the government&#146;s ability to terminate contracts for convenience or for default, as well as other risks, such as contractor suspension or
debarment in the event of certain violations of legal and regulatory requirements.  For the year ended December 28, 2015,
aerospace and defense sales accounted for approximately 14% of our total net sales. The substantial majority of these sales are related to both U.S. and foreign military and defense programs. While we do not sell any significant volume of products
directly to the U.S. government, we are a supplier to the U.S. government and its agencies, as well as foreign governments and agencies. Consequently, our sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets of the U.S. and foreign governments and
may be affected by federal budget sequestration measures.  The domestic and international threat of terrorist activity,
emerging nuclear states, and conventional military threats have led to an increase in demand for defense products and services and homeland security solutions in the recent past. The U.S. government, however, is facing unprecedented budgeting
constraints. The termination or failure to fund one or more significant contracts by the U.S. government could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Future changes to the Munitions List could reduce or eliminate restrictions that currently apply to some of the products we produce. If
these regulations or others are changed in a manner that reduces restrictions on products being manufactured overseas, we would likely face an increase in the number of competitors and increased price competition from overseas manufacturers, who are
restricted by the current export laws from manufacturing products for U.S. defense systems. 
   24 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_48:

CONTENT_49:
A facility security clearance is required in order to be awarded and perform on classified contracts for the DoD and certain other agencies of the U.S. government. As a cleared entity, we must comply with
the requirements of the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM), and any other applicable U.S. government industrial security regulations. Further, due to the fact that a significant portion of our voting equity is owned by a
non-U.S. entity, we are required to be governed by and operate in accordance with the terms and requirements of the Special Security Agreement (the SSA). The terms of the SSA have been previously disclosed in our SEC filings. 
If we were to violate the terms and requirements of the SSA, the NISPOM, or any other applicable U.S. government industrial security
regulations (which may apply to us under the terms of classified contracts), we could lose our security clearance. We cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain our security clearance. If for some reason our security clearance is invalidated
or terminated, we may not be able to continue to perform on classified contracts and would not be able to enter into new classified contracts, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_50:

CONTENT_51:
As a result of the acquisition of Viasystems, a significant portion of our sales are to customers within the automotive industry. If there
was a destabilization of the automotive industry or a market shift away from our automotive customers, it may have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
In addition, for safety reasons, automotive customers have strict quality standards that generally exceed the quality requirements of
other customers. If such products do not meet these quality standards, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. These automotive customers may require long periods of time to evaluate whether
our manufacturing processes and facilities meet their quality standards. If we were to lose automotive customers due to quality control issues, we might not be able to regain those customers or gain new automotive customers for long periods of time,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, we may be required under our contracts with automotive industry customers to indemnify them for the cost of warranties and recalls
relating to our products.
CONTENT_52:

CONTENT_53:
The PCB industry is intensely competitive, highly fragmented, and rapidly changing. We expect competition to continue, which could result in price reductions, reduced gross margins, and loss of market
share. Our principal PCB and substrate competitors include AT &amp; S Austria Technologie &amp; Systemtechnik AG, Chin Poon Industrial Co., LTD., Compeq Manufacturing Co., Ltd., IBIDEN Co., Ltd., ISU Petasys Co., Ltd., Multek Corporation, Sanmina
Corporation, Tripod Technology Corp., Unimicron Technology Corp., and Wus Printed Circuit Co., Ltd. Our principal E-M Solutions competitors include Amphenol Corp, Flex, Jabil Circuit, Inc. and Sanmina Corporation. In addition, we increasingly
compete on an international basis, and new and emerging technologies may result in new competitors entering our markets.  Some
of our competitors and potential competitors have advantages over us, including:   


 
&#149;
 
 greater financial and manufacturing resources that can be devoted to the development, production, and sale of their products;
  


 
&#149;
 
 more established and broader sales and marketing channels; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 more manufacturing facilities worldwide, some of which are closer in proximity to OEMs; 
   25 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 manufacturing facilities that are located in countries with lower production costs; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 lower capacity utilization, which in peak market conditions can result in shorter lead times to customers; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 ability to add additional capacity faster or more efficiently; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 preferred vendor status with existing and potential customers; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 greater name recognition; and   


 
&#149;
 
 larger customer bases.  In addition, these competitors may respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or adapt more quickly to changes in customer requirements than we do. We must continually develop improved
manufacturing processes to meet our customers&#146; needs for complex products, and our manufacturing process technology is generally not subject to significant proprietary protection. During recessionary periods in the electronics industry, our
strategy of providing quick-turn services, an integrated manufacturing solution, and responsive customer service may take on reduced importance to our customers. As a result, we may need to compete more on the basis of price, which would cause our
gross margins to decline.
CONTENT_54:

CONTENT_55:
The market for our manufacturing services is characterized by rapidly changing
technology and continual implementation of new production processes. The future success of our business will depend in large part upon our ability to maintain and enhance our technological capabilities, to manufacture products that meet changing
customer needs, and to successfully anticipate or respond to technological changes on a cost-effective and timely basis. We expect that the investment necessary to maintain our technological position will increase as customers make demands for
products and services requiring more advanced technology on a quicker turnaround basis. For example, in 2016 we expect to continue to make significant capital expenditures to expand our HDI and other advanced manufacturing capabilities. We may not
be able to obtain access to additional sources of funds in order to respond to technological changes as quickly as our competitors.  In addition, the PCB industry could encounter competition from new or revised manufacturing and production technologies that render existing manufacturing and production technology less competitive or
obsolete. We may not respond effectively to the technological requirements of the changing market. If we need new technologies and equipment to remain competitive, the development, acquisition, and implementation of those technologies and equipment
will require us to make significant capital investments.
CONTENT_56:

CONTENT_57:
To
manufacture PCBs, we use raw materials such as laminated layers of fiberglass, copper foil, chemical solutions, gold, and other commodity products, which we order from our suppliers. In the case of backplane assemblies, components include
connectors, sheet metal, capacitors, resistors and diodes, many of which are custom made and controlled by our customers&#146; approved vendors. If raw material and component prices increase, it may reduce our gross margins.
CONTENT_58:

CONTENT_59:

CONTENT_60:

CONTENT_61:

CONTENT_62:

CONTENT_63:
The destruction or closure of any of our facilities for a significant period of time as a result of fire, explosion, blizzard, act of war or terrorism, flood, tornado, earthquake, lightning, other natural
disasters, an outbreak of epidemics such as Ebola or severe acute respiratory syndrome, required maintenance, or other events could harm us financially, increasing our costs of doing business and limiting our ability to deliver our manufacturing
services on a timely basis.  Our insurance coverage with respect to damages to our facilities or our customers&#146; products
caused by natural disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate or continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms. 
In the event one or more of our facilities is closed on a temporary or permanent basis as a result of a natural disaster, required
maintenance or other event, or in the event that an outbreak of a serious epidemic results in quarantines, temporary closures of offices or manufacturing facilities, travel restrictions or the temporary or permanent loss of key personnel, our
operations could be significantly disrupted. Such events could delay or prevent product manufacturing and shipment for the time required to transfer production or repair, rebuild or replace the affected manufacturing facilities. This time frame
could be lengthy and result in significant expenses for repair and related costs. While we have disaster recovery plans in place, there can be no assurance that such plans will be sufficient to allow our operations to continue in the event of every
natural or man-made disaster, pandemic, required repair or other extraordinary event. Any extended inability to continue our operations at unaffected facilities following such an event would reduce our revenue and potentially damage our reputation
as a reliable supplier.
CONTENT_64:

CONTENT_65:
Competition in the PCB market is intense, and we expect that competition will continue to increase,
thereby creating a highly aggressive pricing environment. We and some of our competitors have reduced average selling prices in the past. In addition, competitors may reduce their average selling prices faster than our ability to reduce costs, which
can also accelerate the rate of decline of our selling prices. When prices decline, we may also be required to write down the value of our inventory. 
   27 





Table of Contents

 The effects of such pricing pressures on our business may be exacerbated by inflationary
pressures that affect our costs of supply. When we are unable to extract comparable concessions from our suppliers on prices they charge us, this in turn reduces gross profit if we are unable to raise prices. Further, uncertainty or adverse changes
in the economy could also lead to a significant decline in demand for our products and pressure to reduce our prices. As a result of the recent global economic downturn, many businesses have taken a more conservative stance in ordering inventory.
Any decrease in demand for our products, coupled with pressure from the market and our customers to decrease our prices, would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
The pricing pressure we face on our products requires us to introduce new and more advanced technology products to maintain average
selling prices or reduce any declines in average selling prices. As we shift production to more advanced, higher-density PCBs, we tend to make significant investments in plants and other capital equipment and incur higher costs of production, which
may not be recovered.
CONTENT_66:

CONTENT_67:
Sales to EMS companies represented approximately 35%, 39% and 38% of our net sales for the years ended
December 28, 2015, December 29, 2014 and December 30, 2013, respectively. Sales to EMS providers include sales directed by OEMs as well as orders placed with us at the EMS providers&#146; discretion. EMS providers source on a
global basis to a greater extent than OEMs. The growth of EMS providers increases the purchasing power of such providers and has in the past, and could in the future, result in increased price competition or the loss of existing OEM customers. In
addition, some EMS providers, including some of our customers, have the ability to directly manufacture PCBs and create backplane assemblies. If a significant number of our other EMS customers were to acquire these abilities, our customer base might
shrink, and our sales might decline substantially. Moreover, if any of our OEM customers outsource the production of PCBs and creation of backplane assemblies to these EMS providers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may
be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_68:

CONTENT_69:
We have experienced, and expect to continue to
experience, growth in the scope and complexity of our operations. This growth may strain our managerial, financial, manufacturing, and other resources. In order to manage our growth, we may be required to continue to implement additional operating
and financial controls and hire and train additional personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future, and failure to do so could jeopardize our expansion plans and seriously harm our operations. In addition, growth
in our capacity could result in reduced capacity utilization and a corresponding decrease in gross margins.
CONTENT_70:

CONTENT_71:
We operate on a global basis and are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-kickback laws and
regulations, including restrictions imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA). The FCPA and similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-kickback laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries and
agents from making improper payments to government officials or any other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate and sell our products in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some
degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-kickback laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We also, from time to time, undertake business ventures with state-owned companies or
enterprises.  Our global business operations must also comply with all applicable domestic and foreign export control laws,
including International Traffic In Arms Regulations (ITAR), and Export Administration Regulations (EAR). Some items we manufacture are controlled for export by the U.S. Department of Commerce&#146;s Bureau of Industry and Security under EAR.

   28 





Table of Contents

 We train our employees concerning anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-kickback laws and
compliance with international regulations regarding trades and exports, and we have policies in place that prohibit employees from making improper payments. We cannot provide assurances that our internal controls and procedures will guarantee
compliance by our employees or third parties with whom we work. If we are found to be liable for violations of the FCPA or similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery, or anti-kickback laws in international jurisdictions or for violations of ITAR, EAR, or
other similar regulations regarding trades and exports, either due to our own acts or out of inadvertence, or due to the inadvertence of others, we could suffer criminal or civil fines or penalties or other repercussions, including reputational
harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  Our global
business operations also must be conducted in compliance with applicable economic sanctions laws and regulations, such as laws administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury&#146;s Office of Foreign Asset Control, the U.S. State Department, and
the U.S. Department of Commerce. We must comply with all applicable economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other countries. Violations of these laws or regulations could result in significant additional sanctions including
criminal or civil fines or penalties, more onerous compliance requirements, more extensive debarments from export privileges, or loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of our international business. 
In certain countries, we may engage third-party agents or intermediaries, such as customs agents, to act on our behalf, and if these
third-party agents or intermediaries violate applicable laws, their actions may result in criminal or civil fines or penalties or other sanctions being assessed against us. We take certain measures designed to ensure our compliance with U.S. export
and economic sanctions laws, anti-corruption laws and regulations, and export control laws. However, it is possible that some of our products were sold or will be sold to distributors or other parties, without our knowledge or consent, in violation
of applicable law. There can be no assurances that we will be in compliance in the future. Any such violation could result in significant criminal or civil fines, penalties, or other sanctions and repercussions, including reputational harm, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_72:

CONTENT_73:
Our operations are regulated under a number of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and safety laws and regulations that
govern, among other things, the discharge of hazardous materials into the air and water, as well as the handling, storage, and disposal of such materials. These laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, the Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, and the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act, as well
as analogous state, local, and foreign laws. Compliance with these environmental laws is a major consideration for us because our manufacturing processes use and generate materials classified as hazardous. Because we use hazardous materials and
generate hazardous wastes in our manufacturing processes, we may be subject to potential financial liability for costs associated with the investigation and remediation of our own sites, or sites at which we have arranged for the disposal of
hazardous wastes, if such sites become contaminated. Even if we fully comply with applicable environmental laws and are not directly at fault for the contamination, we may still be liable. The wastes we generate include spent ammoniacal and cupric
etching solutions, metal stripping solutions, waste acid solutions, waste alkaline cleaners, waste oil, and waste waters that contain heavy metals such as copper, tin, lead, nickel, gold, silver, cyanide, and fluoride, and both filter cake and spent
ion exchange resins from equipment used for on-site waste treatment.  Environmental law violations, including the failure to
maintain required environmental permits, could subject us to fines, penalties, and other sanctions, including the revocation of our effluent discharge permits. This could require us to cease or limit production at one or more of our facilities and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even if we ultimately prevail, environmental lawsuits against us would be time consuming and costly to defend. 
   29 





Table of Contents

 Environmental laws have generally become more stringent and this trend may continue over
time, imposing greater compliance costs and increasing risks and penalties associated with violation. We operate in environmentally sensitive locations, and we are subject to potentially conflicting and changing regulatory agendas of political,
business, and environmental groups. Changes or restrictions on discharge limits, emissions levels, material storage, handling, or disposal might require a high level of unplanned capital investment or relocation to another global location where
prohibitive regulations do not exist. It is possible that environmental compliance costs and penalties from new or existing regulations may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
We are increasingly required to certify compliance with various material content restrictions in our products based on laws of various
jurisdictions or territories such as the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) and Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) directives in the European Union and China&#146;s RoHS legislation. Similar laws
have been adopted in other jurisdictions and may become increasingly prevalent. In addition, we must also certify as to the non-applicability of the EU&#146;s Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment directive for certain products that we
manufacture. The REACH directive requires the identification of Substances of Very High Concern (SVHCs) periodically. We must survey our supply chain and certify to the non-presence or presence of SVHCs to our customers. As with other types of
product certifications that we routinely provide, we may incur liability and pay damages if our products do not conform to our certifications.  We are also subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations in China, which impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants into the air and water and establish standards for the treatment,
storage, and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. The manufacturing of our products generates gaseous chemical wastes, liquid wastes, waste water, and other industrial wastes from various stages of the manufacturing process. Production sites in
China are subject to regulation and periodic monitoring by the relevant environmental protection authorities. Environmental claims or the failure to comply with current or future regulations could result in the assessment of damages or imposition of
fines against us, suspension of production, or cessation of operations.  The process to manufacture PCBs requires adherence to
city, county, state, federal, and foreign environmental regulations regarding the storage, use, handling, and disposal of chemicals, solid wastes, and other hazardous materials, as well as compliance with air quality standards and chemical use
reporting. In China, governmental authorities have adopted new rules and regulations governing environmental issues. An update to Chinese environmental waste water law was issued in late 2012, allowing for an interim period in which plants subject
to such law may install equipment that meets the new regulatory regime. Our plants in China are not yet in full compliance with the newly adopted environmental regulations. There can be no assurance that violations will not occur in the future.
CONTENT_74:

CONTENT_75:
Certain of our employees have access to, or signature authority with respect to, bank accounts or other company assets, which could expose
us to fraud or theft. In addition, certain employees have access to certain precious metals used in connection with our manufacturing and key information technology (IT) infrastructure and to customer and other information that is commercially
valuable. Should any employee, for any reason, steal any such precious metals (which has occurred from time to time), compromise our IT systems, or misappropriate customer or other information, we could incur losses, including losses relating to
claims by our customers against us, and the willingness of customers to do business with us may be damaged. Additionally, in the case of our defense business, we could be debarred from future participation in government programs. Any such losses may
not be fully covered by insurance. 
   30 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_76:

CONTENT_77:
Although we have
long-term contracts with many customers, those contracts generally do not contain volume commitments. We generally sell to customers on a purchase order basis. Our quick-turn orders are subject to particularly short lead times. Consequently, our
sales are subject to short-term variability in demand by our customers. Customers submitting purchase orders may cancel, reduce, or delay their orders for a variety of reasons, subject to negotiations. The level and timing of orders placed by our
customers may vary due to:   


 
&#149;
 
 customer attempts to manage inventory;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in customers&#146; manufacturing strategies, such as a decision by a customer to either diversify or consolidate the number of PCB
manufacturers or backplane assembly service providers used or to manufacture or assemble its own products internally;   


 
&#149;
 
 variation in demand for our customers&#146; products; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 changes in new product introductions.  We have periodically experienced terminations, reductions, and delays in our customers&#146; orders. Further terminations, reductions, or delays in our customers&#146; orders could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_78:

CONTENT_79:
Increasingly, our customers are requesting that we enter into supply agreements with them. These agreements typically do not include
volume commitments, but do include provisions that generally serve to increase our exposure for product liability and limited sales returns, which could result in higher costs to us as a result of such claims. In addition, these agreements typically
contain provisions that seek to limit our operational and pricing flexibility and extend payment terms, which could materially adversely affect our cash flow, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_80:

CONTENT_81:
Our future revenue
growth partially depends on new outsourcing opportunities from OEMs. Current and prospective customers continuously evaluate our performance against other providers. They also evaluate the potential benefits of manufacturing their products
themselves. To the extent that outsourcing opportunities are not available either due to OEM decisions to produce these products themselves or to use other providers, our financial results and future growth could be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_82:

CONTENT_83:
Recently, some of our large customers have consolidated, and further consolidation of customers may occur.
Depending on which organization becomes the controller of the supply chain function following the consolidation, we may not be retained as a preferred or approved supplier. In addition, product duplication could result in the termination of a
product line that we currently support. While there is potential for increasing our position with the combined customer, there does exist the potential for decreased revenue if we are not retained as a continuing supplier. We also face the risk of
increased pricing pressure from the combined customer because of its increased market share. 
   31 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_84:

CONTENT_85:
Our business is capital-intensive, and our ability to increase revenue, profit, and cash flow depends upon continued capital spending. To the extent that the funds generated by our ongoing operations are
insufficient to cover our liquidity requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through financings. If we are unable to fund our operations and make capital expenditures as currently planned or if we do not have sufficient liquidity to
service the interest and principal payments on our debt, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we do not achieve our expected operating results, we would need to reallocate our
sources and uses of operating cash flows. This may include borrowing additional funds to service debt payments, which may impair our ability to make investments in our business. Looking ahead at long-term needs, we may need to raise additional funds
for a number of purposes, including the following:   


 
&#149;
 
 to fund capital equipment purchases to increase production capacity, upgrade and expand our technological capabilities and replace aging equipment or
introduce new products;   


 
&#149;
 
 to refinance our existing indebtedness;   


 
&#149;
 
 to fund our operations beyond 2016;   


 
&#149;
 
 to fund working capital requirements for future growth that we may experience; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 to enhance or expand the range of services we offer;   



 
&#149;
 
 to increase our sales and marketing activities; or   


 
&#149;
 
 to respond to competitive pressures or perceived opportunities, such as investment, acquisition, and international expansion activities.
 Should we need to raise funds through incurring additional debt, we may become subject to covenants even
more restrictive than those contained in our current debt instruments. There can be no assurance that additional capital, including any future equity or debt financing, would be available on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all. If such
funds are not available to us when required or on acceptable terms, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_86:

CONTENT_87:
The manufacturing of PCBs requires significant quantities of electricity and water. Our Asia Pacific operations have historically
purchased substantially all of the electrical power for their manufacturing plants in China from local power plants. Because China&#146;s economy has recently been in a state of growth, the strain on the nation&#146;s power plants is increasing,
which has led to continuing power outages in various parts of the country. There may be times when our operations in China may be unable to obtain adequate sources of electricity to meet production requirements. Various regions in China have in the
past experienced shortages of both electricity and water and unexpected interruptions of power supply. From time to time, the Chinese government rations electrical power, which can lead to unscheduled production interruptions at our manufacturing
facilities.  In addition, certain of the areas in which our North America operations have manufacturing facilities,
particularly in California, have experienced power and resource shortages from time to time, including mandatory periods without electrical power, changes to water availability, and significant increases in utility and resource costs. California has
also recently experienced drought conditions, prompting the Governor of California to proclaim a Drought State of Emergency. Due to the severe drought conditions, some local and regional water districts and the state government are implementing
policies or regulations that restrict water usage and increase the cost of water.  We do not generally maintain any back-up
power generation facilities or reserves of water for our operations, so if we were to lose supplies of power or water at any of our facilities, we would be required to cease 
   32 





Table of Contents

 
operations until such supply was restored. Any resulting cessation of operations could materially adversely affect our ability to meet our customers&#146; orders in a timely manner, thus
potentially resulting in a loss of business, along with increased costs of manufacturing, and under-utilization of capacity. In addition, the sudden cessation of our power or water supply could damage our equipment, resulting in the need for costly
repairs or maintenance, as well as damage to products in production, resulting in an increase in scrapped products.  For
example, in the third quarter of 2014, one of our principal plants was affected by a five day unexpected power outage, which increased our manufacturing costs and caused delivery delays. There can be no assurance that our required utilities would
not in the future experience material interruptions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_88:

CONTENT_89:
We rely on information technology networks and systems, some of which are owned and operated by third parties, to
process, transmit, and store electronic information. In particular, we depend on our information technology infrastructure for a variety of functions, including worldwide financial reporting, inventory management, procurement, invoicing, and email
communications. Any of these systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, and similar events. Despite the implementation of network security measures, our systems and those of
third parties on which we rely may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, and similar disruptions. If we or our vendors are unable to prevent such outages and breaches, our operations could be disrupted. If unauthorized parties gain
access to our information systems or such information is used in an unauthorized manner, misdirected, lost, or stolen during transmission, any theft or misuse of such information could result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity,
governmental inquiry and oversight, difficulty in marketing our services, allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations, litigation by affected parties, and possible financial obligations for damages related to
the theft or misuse of such information, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_90:

CONTENT_91:
We believe that our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain
highly skilled, knowledgeable, sophisticated, and qualified managerial and professional personnel. We may not be able to retain our executive officers and key personnel or attract additional qualified management in the future. We can make no
assurances that future changes in executive management will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our business also depends on our continuing ability to recruit, train, and retain highly
qualified employees, particularly engineering and sales and marketing personnel. The competition for these employees is intense, and the loss of these employees could harm our business. Further, our ability to successfully integrate acquired
companies depends in part on our ability to retain key management and existing employees at the time of the acquisition.  In
addition, key employees may depart for a variety of reasons, including because of issues relating to the difficulty of integration or accelerated retirement in connection with our acquisition of Viasystems. If key employees depart, the integration
process may be more difficult and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, we may have to incur significant costs in identifying and hiring replacements for departing
employees and may lose significant expertise and talent relating to our businesses, and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of Viasystems may be adversely affected. In addition, there could be disruptions to or
distractions for the workforce and management associated with integrating employees. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that we will be able to attract or retain key employees or that the loss of any key executive officers would not materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
   33 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_92:

CONTENT_93:

CONTENT_94:

CONTENT_95:

CONTENT_96:

CONTENT_97:
Our manufacturing processes require that we purchase significant quantities of energy from third parties, which
results in the generation of greenhouse gases, either directly on-site or indirectly at electric utilities. Both domestic and international legislation to address climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions could create increases in energy
costs and price volatility. Considerable international attention is now focused on development of an international policy framework to guide international action to address climate change. Proposed and existing legislative efforts to control or
limit greenhouse gas emissions could affect our energy sources and supply choices, as well as increase the cost of energy and raw materials that are derived from sources that generate greenhouse gas emissions.
CONTENT_98:

CONTENT_99:
Parties with which we do business may experience uncertainty associated with our acquisition of Viasystems, including
current or future business relationships with the combined company. Our business 
   34 





Table of Contents

 
relationships may be subject to disruption, as customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, and others may attempt to negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering
into business relationships with parties other than the combined company. These disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, or results of operations of the combined company, including a material adverse
effect on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of Viasystems.
CONTENT_100:

CONTENT_101:
A noncontrolling interest holder owns a 5% interest in a subsidiary of TTM that operates the Huiyang, China facility that became a part of our operations through the acquisition of Viasystems. The
noncontrolling interest holder is affiliated with the Chinese government and has close ties to local economic development and other Chinese government agencies. The noncontrolling interest holder has certain rights to be consulted and to consent to
certain operating and investment matters concerning the Huiyang facility and the board of directors of our subsidiary that operates the Huiyang facility. Failure to maintain good relations with the noncontrolling interest holder could materially
adversely affect our ability to manage the operations of the plant.
CONTENT_102:

CONTENT_103:
In the
ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data in our data centers and on our networks, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, and
personally identifiable information of our employees. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be
vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such
access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.   


<B
