CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:
The markets in which we operate are dynamic and complex, and our success depends upon our ability to deliver both our current product offerings and new products and technologies on time and at acceptable prices to our customers. The markets for our products are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions, substantial capital investment, changes in customer requirements, continued price pressures and a constantly evolving industry. Historically, these pricing pressures have led to a continued decline of average selling prices across our business. The development of new, technologically advanced products is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and the accurate prediction of technological and market trends. The introduction of new products also requires significant investment to ramp up production capacity, for which benefit may not be realized if we are not successful in the production of such products or if customer demand does not develop as expected. Ramping of production capacity also entails risks of delays which can limit our ability to realize the full benefit of new product introductions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify, develop, manufacture, market or support new or enhanced products successfully, if at all, or on a timely basis. We also cannot assure you that potential markets for our new products will materialize on the timelines we anticipate, or at all, or that our technology will meet our customers&#8217; specifications.  Our future performance will depend on the successful development, introduction, deployment and market acceptance of new and enhanced features and products that meet our customers&#8217; current and future needs.The market for optical communications products in particular has matured over time and these products have increasingly become subject to commoditization. Both legacy competitors as well as new entrants, predominantly Asia-based competitors, have intensified market competition in recent years leading to pricing pressure. To preserve our revenues and product margin structures, we remain reliant on an integrated customer and market approach that anticipates end customer needs as Telecom and Datacom requirements evolve. We also must continue to develop more advanced, differentiated products that command a premium with customers, while conversely continuing to focus on streamlining product costs for established legacy products. If we fail to continue to develop enhanced or new products, or over time are unable to adjust our cost structure to continue to competitively price more mature products, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
CONTENT_5:
The end markets for optical products have experienced significant industry consolidation during the past few years. As a result, the markets for optical subsystems and components are highly competitive. Our current competitors include a number of domestic and international companies, many of which may have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and distribution resources and brand name recognition than we have. These competitors include II-VI, Acacia Communications, Applied Optoelectronics, Coherent (including Rofin-Sinar Technologies), Finisar, Fujitsu Optical Components, Furukawa Electric, InnoLight Technology, IPG Photonics, Neophotonics, Oclaro, and Sumitomo Electric Industries.&#160;We may not be able to compete successfully against either current or future competitors. Our competitors may continue to enter markets or gain or retain market share through introduction of new or improved products or with aggressive low pricing strategies that may impact the efficacy of our approach. Additionally, if significant competitors were to merge or consolidate, they may be able to offer a lower cost structure through economies of scale that we may be unable to match and which may intensify competition in the Lasers market. Increased competition could result in significant price erosion, reduced revenue, lower margins or loss of market share, any of which would significantly harm our business.We compete against various public and private companies in the markets we serve. Publicly traded companies providing optical communications components include II-VI , Acacia Communications, Foxconn Interconnect Technology, Finisar, Fujitsu Optical Components, Furukawa Electric, Neophotonics, Oclaro, Applied Optoelectronic, Innolight Technology, and Sumitomo Electric Industries.
CONTENT_6:
We rely on several independent contract manufacturers to supply us with certain products. For many products, a particular contract manufacturer may be the sole source of the finished-good products. We depend on these manufacturers to meet our 12Table of Contentsproduction and capacity requirements and to provide quality products to our customers. Despite rigorous testing for quality, both by us and the contract manufacturers to whom we sell products, we may receive and ship defective products. We may incur significant costs to correct defective products which could result in the loss of future sales, indemnification costs or costs to replace or repair the defective products, litigation and damage to our reputation and customer relations. Defective products may also cause diversion of management attention from our business and product development efforts. Additionally, the ability of our contract manufacturers to fulfill their obligations may be affected by natural disasters, legal requirements and economic, political or other forces that are beyond our control. In particular, certain of our contract manufacturers are located in China, which exposes us to risks associated with Chinese laws and regulations, such as those related to import and export tariffs, taxation and intellectual property. Chinese laws and regulations are subject to frequent change, and if our contract manufacturers are unable to obtain or retain the requisite legal permits or otherwise to comply with Chinese legal requirements, we may be forced to obtain products from other manufacturers or to make other operational changes. Any such developments could have a material impact on our ability to meet our customers&#8217; expectations and may materially impact our operating results. In addition, some of our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers are not cancellable which may impact our earnings if customer forecasts driving these purchase commitments do not materialize and we are unable to sell the products to other customers. Alternatively, our contract manufacturers may not be able to meet our demand which would inhibit our ability to meet customer demand and maintain or grow our revenues. Furthermore, it could be costly and require a long period of time to move products from one contract manufacturer to another which could result in interruptions in supply and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.We manufacture some of the components that we provide to our contract manufacturers, along with our own finished goods, in our San Jose, California manufacturing facilities and, until its closure in June 2017, our Bloomfield, Connecticut manufacturing facility. For some of the components and finished good products we are the sole manufacturer. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex and issues are often difficult to detect and correct. From time to time we have experienced problems achieving acceptable yields in our manufacturing facilities, resulting in delays in the availability of our products. In addition, if we experience problems with our manufacturing facilities, it would be costly and require a long period of time to move the manufacture of these components and finished good products to a different facility or contract manufacturer which could then result in interruptions in supply, and would likely materially impact our financial condition and results of operations.In addition, the closing of our Bloomfield, Connecticut manufacturing facility required the transfer to other manufacturing sites of complex technologies and processes. If the other manufacturing sites are unsuccessful, it could result in interruptions in supply and would likely impact our financial condition and results of operations.Changes in manufacturing processes are often required due to changes in product specifications, changing customer needs and the introduction of new products. These changes may reduce manufacturing yields at our contract manufacturers and at our own manufacturing facilities resulting in reduced margins on those products.
CONTENT_7:
We purchase raw materials, packages and components from a limited number of suppliers, who are often small and specialized. We depend on the continued supply and quality of the materials, packages and components that they supply to us.  Our business and results of operations have been, and could continue to be, adversely affected by this dependency. Specific concerns we periodically encounter with our suppliers include receipt of defective parts or contaminated materials, stoppages or delays of supply, insufficient resources to supply our requirements, substitution of more expensive or less reliable materials,  increases in the price of supplies, and an inability to obtain reduced pricing from our suppliers in response to competitive pressures.  Any disruption in the supply of the raw materials, packaging or components used in the manufacture and delivery of our products could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.13Table of Contents
CONTENT_8:
We have consistently relied on a small number of customers for a significant portion of our sales (please refer to &#8220;Note 19. Operating Segments and Geographic Information&#8221; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) and we expect that this customer concentration will continue in the future.   The majority of our customers purchase products under purchase orders or under contracts that do not contain volume purchase commitments.&#160;Changes in the business requirements, vendor selection, project prioritization, financial prospects, capital resources, and expenditures, or purchasing behavior (including product mix purchased) of our key customers, or any real or perceived quality issues related to the products that we sell to such customers, could significantly decrease our sales to such customers or could lead to delays or cancellations of planned purchases of our products or services, which increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our revenues and operating results. If forecasted orders do not materialize, we may need to reduce investment in R&amp;D activities, we may fail to optimize our manufacturing capacity, or we may have excess inventory.&#160;Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_9:
Large OEM and end-user service providers comprise a significant portion of our customer base. These customers generally have greater purchasing power than smaller entities and, accordingly, often request and receive more favorable terms from suppliers.&#160;&#160;As we seek to expand our sales to existing customers and acquire new customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that are favorable to our customers and that may affect the timing of our ability to recognize revenue, increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, large customers have increased buying power and ability to require onerous terms in our contracts with them.  If we are unable to satisfy the terms of these contracts,&#160;it could result in liabilities of a material nature, including litigation, damages, additional costs, loss of market share and loss of reputation.  Additionally, the terms these large customers require, such as most-favored nation or exclusivity provisions, may impact our ability to do business with other customers and generate revenues from such customers.
CONTENT_10:
Our products are complex and defects may be found from time to time. Networking products in particular frequently contain undetected software or hardware defects when first introduced or as new versions are released. In addition, our products are often embedded in or deployed in conjunction with our customers&#8217; products which incorporate a variety of components produced by third parties. As a result, when problems occur, it may be difficult to identify the source of the problem. These problems may cause us to incur significant damages or warranty and repair costs, divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts and cause significant customer relation problems or loss of customers, all of which would harm our business.
CONTENT_11:
We have taken certain preliminary steps to implement an international corporate structure more closely aligned with our international operations. This potential corporate structure is intended to reduce our overall effective tax rate through changes among our wholly-owned subsidiaries in how we use our intellectual property, and how we structure our international procurement and sales operations. The contemplated structure includes legal entities located in jurisdictions with income tax rates lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate. Such intercompany arrangements would be designed to result in income earned by such entities in accordance with arm&#8217;s-length principles and commensurate with functions performed, risks assumed and ownership of valuable corporate assets. We believe that income taxed in certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. statutory rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate over the medium to long term.We have agreed to reimburse Viavi for certain tax liabilities and related costs that may be incurred by Viavi, under certain circumstances, in the event that we implement this revised corporate structure. In addition, the implementation of such a structure has required us to incur expenses, and may require that we incur additional expenses, for which we may not realize related benefits, and in any event, we do not expect to materially realize such benefits for several years.If we put the intended structure into effect and it is not accepted by the applicable taxing authorities, if changes in domestic and international tax laws negatively impact the proposed structure, including proposed legislation to reform U.S. taxation of international business activities, or if we do not operate our business consistent with the proposed structure and applicable tax provisions, we may fail to achieve the financial and operational efficiencies that we anticipate as a result of the proposed structure, and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected.14Table of Contents
CONTENT_12:
We derive a majority of our revenue from our international operations, and we plan to continue expanding our business in international markets in the future. In addition, we have extensive international manufacturing capabilities through third-party contract manufacturers, as well as through our own international facilities, with employees engaged in R&amp;D, administration, manufacturing, support and sales and marketing activities.As a result of our international operations, we are affected by economic, business regulatory, social, and political conditions in foreign countries, including the following:&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;changes in general IT spending;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;the imposition of government controls, inclusive of critical infrastructure protection;&#8226;changes or limitations in trade protection laws or other regulatory requirements, which may affect our ability to import or export our products from various countries;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;varying and potentially conflicting laws and regulations;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;fluctuations in local economies;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;wage inflation or a tightening of the labor market;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;political developments of foreign nations; &#8226;the impact of the following on service provider and government spending patterns: political considerations,           unfavorable changes in tax treaties or laws, unfavorable events that affect foreign currencies, natural disasters, epidemic disease, labor unrest, earnings expatriation restrictions, misappropriation of intellectual property, military actions, acts of terrorism, political and social unrest and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations.Any or all of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.Moreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from or conflict with those in the United States or other countries in which we operate. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. regulations applicable to us. There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, channel partners, and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and procedures, which are designed to ensure compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners, or agents could result in termination of our relationships with customers and suppliers, financial reporting problems, fines and/or penalties for us, or prohibition on the importation or exportation of our products, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_13:
We are exposed to foreign exchange risks with regard to our operating expenses which may affect our operating results. Although we price our products primarily in U.S. dollars, a portion of our operating expenses are incurred in foreign currencies. If the value of the U.S. dollar depreciates relative to certain other foreign currencies, it would increase our costs as expressed in U.S. dollars. Conversely, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, such strengthening could raise the relative cost of our products to non-U.S. customers, especially as compared to foreign competitors, and could reduce demand.Although we intend to hedge for a portion of our foreign currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our net income (loss).  Additionally, hedging programs rely on our ability to forecast accurately and could expose us to additional risks that could  adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_14:
Our future success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain the services of executive, engineering, sales and marketing, and support personnel. The supply of highly qualified individuals, in particular engineers in very specialized technical areas, or sales people specializing in the service provider, enterprise and commercial laser markets, is limited and competition for such individuals is intense. None of our officers or key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. The loss of the services of any of our key employees, the inability to attract or retain personnel in the future or delays in hiring required 15Table of Contentspersonnel and the complexity and time involved in replacing or training new employees, could delay the development and introduction of new products, and negatively impact our ability to market, sell, or support our products.
CONTENT_15:
Foreign nationals who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents constitute an important part of our U.S. workforce, particularly in the areas of engineering and product development. Our ability to hire and retain these workers and their ability to remain and work in the United States are impacted by laws and regulations, as well as by procedures and enforcement practices of various government agencies. Changes in immigration laws, regulations or procedures, including those that may be enacted by the new U.S. presidential administration, may adversely affect our ability to hire or retain such workers, increase our operating expenses and negatively impact our ability to deliver our products and services.
CONTENT_16:
We have made acquisitions of other businesses or technologies in the past and we will continue to review acquisition and other strategic opportunities.&#160;&#160;Such strategic transactions involve numerous risks, including the following:&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;diversion of management&#8217;s attention from normal daily operations of the business;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#8226;unforeseen expenses, delays or conditions imposed upon the acquisition or transaction, including due to required regulatory approvals or consents;&#8226;unanticipated changes in the combined business due to potential divestitures or other requirements imposed by antitrust regulators;&#8226;the ability to retain and obtain required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits;&#8226;difficulties and costs in integrating the operations, technologies, products, IT and other systems, facilities and personnel of the purchased businesses;&#8226;potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process R&amp;D;&#8226;an acquisition or strategic transaction may not further our business strategy as we expected or we may overpay for, or otherwise not realize the expected return on, our investments;&#8226;insufficient net revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions;&#8226;potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; &#8226;difficulty forecasting revenues and margins;&#8226;dilution of our current stockholders as a result of any issuance of equity securities as acquisition consideration; &#8226;expenditure of cash that would otherwise be available to operate our business; and&#8226;incurrence of indebtedness on terms that are unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay. If we are unable to successfully manage any of these risks in relation to any future acquisitions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
CONTENT_17:
We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including to support product development and introduce new products, address new markets, engage in strategic transactions and partnerships, improve or expand our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. In March 2017, we issued and sold a total of $450&#160;million in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due in 2024 (the "2024 Notes") and we may in the future engage in additional equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity, equity-linked  or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing 16Table of Contentson terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be harmed.
CONTENT_18:
Our business depends significantly on effective and efficient information management systems, and the reliability and security of our information technology infrastructure are essential to the health and expansion of our business.  For example, the information gathered and processed by our information management systems assists us in managing our supply chain and monitoring customer accounts, among other things.  We must continue to expand and update this infrastructure in response to our changing requirements. In some cases, we may rely upon third-party providers of hosting, support and other services to meet our information technology requirements. Any failure to manage, expand and update our information technology infrastructure, including our Enterprise Resource Planning (&#8220;ERP&#8221;) system and other applications, any failure in the extension implementation or operation of this infrastructure, or any failure by our hosting and support partners or other third-party service providers in the performance of their services could materially harm our business. In addition, we have partnered with third parties to support our information technology systems and to help design, build, test, implement and maintain our information management systems. Our merger, acquisition and divestiture activity may also require transitions to or from, and the integration of, various information management systems within our overall enterprise architecture.Despite our implementation of security measures, our systems and those of our third-party service providers are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access and other similar disruptions. Any system failure, accident or security breach affecting us or our third-party providers could result in disruptions to our operations and loss of or unauthorized access or damage to our data or in inappropriate disclosure of confidential information.  Any actual or alleged disruption to, or security breach affecting, our systems or those of our third-party partners could cause significant damage to our reputation, result in legal obligations or liability, affect our relationships with our customers, and ultimately harm our business. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against or mitigate damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future.
CONTENT_19:
The uncertain state of the global economy has contributed and continues to contribute to decreases in demand and spending in the technology industry at large, as well as to the specific markets in which we operate. The slow pace of global economic recovery and the resulting effects on global credit markets has created uncertainty in the timing and overall demand from our customers. This uncertainty may lead to decreased demand for our products and revenue fluctuations, increased price competition for our products, and may increase the risk of excess and obsolete inventories and higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue. The impact of continued economic challenges on the global financial markets could further negatively impact our operations by affecting the solvency of our customers, the solvency of our key suppliers or the ability of our customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. If economic conditions do not improve or if they deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations would likely be materially and adversely impacted.
CONTENT_20:
We seek to protect our products and product roadmaps in part by developing and/or securing proprietary rights relating to those products, including patents, trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation. The steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately prevent misappropriation or ensure that others will not develop competitive technologies or products. Other companies may be investigating or developing technologies that are similar to our own. It is possible that patents may not be issued from any of our pending applications or those we may file in the future and, if patents are issued, the claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to deter or prohibit others from making, using or selling products that are similar to ours, or such patents could be invalidated or ruled unenforceable. We do not own patents in every country in which we sell or distribute our products, and thus others may be able to offer identical products in countries where we do not have intellectual property protections. In addition, the laws of some territories in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold, including Europe, Asia-Pacific or Latin America, may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Any patents issued to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Additionally, we are currently a licensee for a number of third-party technologies including software and intellectual property rights from academic institutions, our competitors and others, and we are required to pay royalties to these licensors for the use thereof. In the future, if such licenses are unavailable or if we are unable to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to rely on such third-party technologies which could inhibit our development of new products, impede the sale of some of our current products, substantially increase the cost to provide these products to our customers, and could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results.17Table of ContentsWe also seek to protect our important trademarks by endeavoring to register them in certain countries. We have not registered our trademarks in every country in which we sell or distribute our products, and thus others may be able to use the same or confusingly similar marks in countries where we do not have trademark registrations. We have adopted Lumentum as a house trademark and trade name for our company, and are in the process of establishing rights in this name and brand. We have also adopted the Lumentum logo as a house trademark for our company, and are in the process of establishing rights in this brand. The Lumentum brand is the subject of trademark applications in the United States or other jurisdictions, but the trademarks have not yet proceeded to registration. The efforts we take to register and protect trademarks, including the Lumentum brand, may not be sufficient or effective. Although we will seek to obtain trademark registrations for the Lumentum brand, it is possible we may not be able to protect our brand through registration in one or more jurisdictions, for example, the applicable governmental authorities may not approve the registration. Furthermore, even if the applications are approved, third parties may seek to oppose or otherwise challenge registration. There is the possibility that, despite efforts, the scope of the protection obtained for our trademarks, including the Lumentum brand, will be insufficient or that a registration may be deemed invalid or unenforceable in one or more jurisdictions throughout the world.
CONTENT_21:
Lawsuits and allegations of patent infringement and violation of other intellectual property rights occur regularly in our industry. We have in the past received, and anticipate that we will receive in the future, notices from third parties claiming that our products infringe upon their proprietary rights, with two distinct sources of such claims becoming increasingly prevalent. First, large technology companies, including some of our customers and competitors, are seeking to monetize their patent portfolios and have developed large internal organizations that may approach us with demands to enter into license agreements. Second, patent-holding companies that do not make or sell products (often referred to as &#8220;patent trolls&#8221;) may claim that our products infringe upon their proprietary rights. We respond to these claims in the course of our business operations. The litigation or settlement of these matters, regardless of the merit of the claims, could result in significant expense and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, regardless of whether or not we are successful. If we are unsuccessful, we could be required to expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or to obtain licenses to the technology that is the subject of the litigation. We may not be successful in such development, or such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Without such a license, or if we are the subject of an exclusionary order, our ability to make our products could be limited and we could be enjoined from future sales of the infringing product or products, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. Additionally, we often indemnify our customers against claims of infringement related to our products and may incur significant expenses to defend against such claims. If we are unsuccessful defending against such claims, we may be required to indemnify our customers against any damages awarded.We also face risks that third parties may assert trademark infringement claims against us in one or more jurisdictions throughout the world related to our Lumentum brand and/or other trademarks. The litigation or settlement of these matters, regardless of the merit of the claims, could result in significant expense and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, regardless of whether or not we are successful. If we are unsuccessful, trademark infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability or prevent us from selling some or all of our products or services under the challenged trademark. In addition, resolution of claims may require us to alter our products, labels or packaging, license rights from third parties, or cease using the challenged trademark altogether, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results.
CONTENT_22:
From time to time we have been, and in the future we may become, subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business. The results of legal proceedings are difficult to predict. Moreover, many of the complaints filed against us may not specify the amount of damages that plaintiffs seek, and we therefore may be unable to estimate the possible range of damages that might be incurred should these lawsuits be resolved against us. While we may be unable to estimate the potential damages arising from such lawsuits, certain of them assert types of claims that, if resolved against us, could give rise to substantial damages. Thus, an unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more of these lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Even if these lawsuits are not resolved against us, the uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved lawsuits could seriously harm our business, financial condition and reputation. Litigation is generally costly, time-consuming and disruptive to normal business operations. The costs of defending these lawsuits have been significant in the past, will continue to be costly and may not be covered by our insurance policies. The defense of these lawsuits could also result in continued diversion of our management&#8217;s time and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. For additional discussion regarding litigation, see &#8220;Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings.&#8221;18Table of Contents
CONTENT_23:
We integrate licensed third-party technology into certain of our products. From time to time, we may be required to license additional technology from third-parties to develop new products or product enhancements. Third-party licenses may not be available or continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. The failure to comply with the terms of any license, including free open source software, may result in our inability to continue to use such license. Our inability to maintain or re-license any third-party licenses required in our products or our inability to obtain third-party licenses necessary to develop new products and product enhancements, could potentially require us to develop substitute technology or obtain substitute technology of lower quality or performance standards or at a greater cost, any of which could delay or prevent product shipment and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_24:
Our operations and our products are subject to various federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, including those governing pollution and protection of human health and the environment in the jurisdictions in which we operate or sell our products.&#160; These laws and regulations govern, among other things, wastewater discharges and the handling and disposal of hazardous materials in our products.&#160; Our failure to comply with current and future environmental or health or safety requirements could cause us to incur substantial costs, including significant capital expenditures, to comply with such environmental laws and regulations and to clean up contaminated properties that we own or operate. Such clean-up or compliance obligations could result in disruptions to our operations. Additionally, if we are found to be in violation of these laws, we could be subject to governmental fines or civil liability for damages resulting from such violations. These costs could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or operating results.From time to time new regulations are enacted, and it is difficult to anticipate how such regulations will be implemented and enforced. We continue to evaluate the necessary steps for compliance with regulations as they are enacted. These regulations include, for example, the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (&#8220;REACH&#8221;), the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive (&#8220;RoHS&#8221;) and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive (&#8220;WEEE&#8221;) enacted in the European Union which regulate the use of certain hazardous substances in, and require the collection, reuse and recycling of waste from, certain products we manufacture. These regulations and similar legislation may require us to re-design our products to ensure compliance with the applicable standards, for example by requiring the use of different types of materials, which could have an adverse impact on the performance of our products, add greater testing lead-times for product introductions or other similar effects. We believe we comply with all such legislation where our products are sold and we continuously monitor these laws and the regulations being adopted under them to determine our responsibilities.In addition, pursuant to Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the SEC has promulgated rules requiring disclosure regarding the use of certain &#8220;conflict minerals&#8221; that are mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries and procedures regarding a manufacturer&#8217;s efforts to prevent the sourcing of such minerals. Complying with these disclosure requirements involves substantial diligence efforts to determine the source of any conflict minerals used in our products and may require third-party auditing of our diligence process.  These efforts may demand internal resources that would otherwise be directed towards operations activities.Since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the conflict minerals used in our products. Additionally, if we are unable to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products are determined to be conflict free, they may choose a competitor&#8217;s products which could materially impact our financial condition and operating results.Additionally, we are subject to laws and regulations with respect to personal data we collect from our employees, customers, and others.  These laws and regulations are subject to frequent modifications and updates and require ongoing supervision.  For example, the European Union recently adopted a General Data Protection Regulation, effective in May 2018, that will establish new, and in some cases more stringent, requirements for data protection in Europe.  We may be required to modify our practices in order to comply with these or other requirements, which may require us to incur costs and expenses, and we may face difficulties in complying with all privacy and data protection legal requirements that apply to us now or in the future.Our failure to comply with any of the foregoing legal and regulatory requirements could result in increased costs for our products, monetary penalties, damages to our reputation, government inquiries and investigations, and legal action. Furthermore, the legal and regulatory requirements that are applicable to our business are subject to change from time to time, which increases our monitoring and compliance costs and the risk that we may fall out of compliance. Additionally, we may be required to ensure that our suppliers comply with such laws and regulations.  If we or our suppliers fail to comply with such laws or regulations, we 19Table of Contentscould face sanctions for such noncompliance, and our customers may refuse to purchase our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_25:
Exports of certain of our products are subject to export controls imposed by the U.S. government and administered by the U.S. Departments of State and Commerce. In certain instances, these regulations may require pre-shipment authorization from the administering department. For products subject to the Export Administration Regulations (&#8220;EAR&#8221;) administered by the Department of Commerce&#8217;s Bureau of Industry and Security, the requirement for a license is dependent on the type and end use of the product, the final destination, the identity of the end user and whether a license exception might apply. Virtually all exports of products subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (&#8220;ITAR&#8221;) administered by the Department of State&#8217;s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, require a license. Certain of our fiber optics products are subject to EAR and certain of our RF-over-fiber products, as well as certain products and technical data, are developed with government funding, and are currently subject to ITAR. Products and the associated technical data developed and manufactured in our foreign locations are subject to export controls of the applicable foreign nation.Given the current global political climate, obtaining export licenses can be difficult and time-consuming. Failure to obtain export licenses for these shipments could significantly reduce our revenue and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Compliance with U.S. government regulations also subjects us to additional fees and costs. The absence of comparable restrictions on competitors in other countries may adversely affect our competitive position.In addition, certain of our significant customers and suppliers have products that are subject to U.S. export controls, and therefore these customers and suppliers may also be subject to legal and regulatory consequences if they do not comply with applicable export control laws and regulations.  Such regulatory consequences could disrupt our ability to obtain components from our suppliers, or to sell our products to major customers, which could significantly increase our costs, reduce our revenue and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_26:
Spending on optical communication and laser products is subject to cyclical and uneven fluctuations, which could cause our financial results to fluctuate unevenly and unpredictably. It can be difficult to predict the degree to which end-customer demand and the seasonality and uneven sales patterns of our OEM partners or other customers will affect our business in the future, particularly as we release new or enhanced products. While our fourth fiscal quarters are typically strongest, future buying patterns may differ from historical seasonality. If the mix of revenue changes, it may also cause results to differ from historical seasonality. Accordingly, our quarterly and annual revenues, operating results, cash flows, and other financial and operating metrics may vary significantly in the future, and the results of any prior periods should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance.
CONTENT_27:

CONTENT_28:

CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:
We have received a private letter ruling from the IRS (the &#8220;IRS Ruling&#8221;), to the effect that the retention by Viavi of 19.9% of our common stock will not be deemed to be pursuant to a plan having as one of its principal purposes the avoidance of U.S. federal income tax within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(D)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;). Notwithstanding the IRS Ruling, the IRS could determine on audit that the retention of our common stock was pursuant to a plan having as one of its principal purposes the avoidance of U.S. federal income tax if it determines that any of the facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings that we or Viavi have made or provided to the IRS are not correct. If the retention is deemed to be pursuant to a plan having as one of its principal purposes the avoidance of U.S. federal income tax, then the distribution could ultimately be determined to be taxable.&#160;&#160;In addition, Viavi also received a written opinion of PwC, its tax advisor in connection with the Separation, to the effect that the distribution, together with certain related transactions necessary to effectuate the distribution, should qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss under Sections&#160;368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Code. The opinion is 21Table of Contentsnot binding on the IRS or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or any court will not take a contrary position.&#160;&#160;If the distribution were determined not to qualify for non-recognition of gain and loss, then Viavi would recognize gain in an amount up to the fair market value of our common stock held by it immediately before the distribution, over its tax basis in our stock immediately before the distribution.If, due to any of our representations being untrue or our covenants being breached, it were determined that the distribution did not qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss under Section&#160;355 of the Code, we could be required to indemnify Viavi for the resulting taxes and related expenses. The indemnification obligation is not expected to be material because Viavi is expected to have a fair market value or substantially stepped-up tax basis in our shares immediately prior to the Separation. If, contrary to our expectation, it were determined that Viavi did not have a fair market value or substantially stepped-up tax basis in our shares, any such indemnification obligation could materially and adversely affect our financial condition.
CONTENT_32:
&#32;&#32;As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and Nasdaq listing requirements. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight.Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could cause us to delay reporting of our financial results, be subject to one or more investigations or enforcement actions by state or federal regulatory agencies, stockholder lawsuits or other adverse actions requiring us to incur defense costs, pay fines, settlements or judgments. Any such failures could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the NASDAQ stock market.
CONTENT_33:

CONTENT_34:
Our common stock is listed on NASDAQ under the symbol &#8220;LITE&#8221;.  Since shares of our common stock commenced trading on the NASDAQ stock market in August 2015, the reported high and low closing prices of our common stock per the NASDAQ Global Select Market  has ranged from $14.12&#32;to $65.10, through July 1, 2017. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including:&#8226;actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results;&#8226;changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates;&#8226;the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies;&#8226;a shift in our investor base;&#8226;the financial performance of other companies in our industry;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;success or failure of our business strategy;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;credit market fluctuations which could negatively impact our ability to obtain financing as needed;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;changes to the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate;&#8226;announcements by us, competitors, customers, or our contract manufacturers of significant acquisitions or dispositions;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;investor perception of us and our industry;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;litigation or disputes in which we may become involved;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;overall market fluctuations; sales of our shares by our officers, directors, or significant stockholders; 22Table of Contents&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;the timing and amount of dividends and share repurchases, if any; and&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;general economic and market conditions and other external factors.In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. Stock prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
CONTENT_35:
We do not currently expect to pay dividends on our common stock. The payment of any dividends to our stockholders in the future, and the timing and amount thereof, if any, is within the discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors&#8217; decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, potential debt service obligations or restrictive covenants, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant.In addition, because we are a holding company with no material direct operations, we are dependent on loans, dividends and other payments from our operating subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to pay dividends on our common stock. However, our operating subsidiaries&#8217; ability to make such distributions will be subject to their operating results, cash requirements and financial condition and the applicable provisions of Delaware law that may limit the amount of funds available for distribution. Our ability to pay cash dividends may also be subject to covenants and financial ratios related to existing or future indebtedness, and other agreements with third parties.
CONTENT_36:

CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:
Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the state or federal courts of Delaware are the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting breach of fiduciary duty, or other wrongdoing, by our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; any action asserting a claim against Lumentum pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; any action asserting a claim against Lumentum governed by the internal affairs doctrine; or any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws.&#160;&#160;This exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us or our directors and officers.Alternatively, if a court outside of Delaware were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
CONTENT_39:
Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including the 2024 Notes, or to make cash payments in connection with any conversion of 2024 Notes or upon any fundamental change if note holders require us to repurchase their notes for cash, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our indebtedness and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring indebtedness or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations.  In addition, our existing and future indebtedness could have important consequences to our stockholders and significant effects on our business. For example, it could: &#8226;make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations, including the 2024 Notes; &#8226;increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;  &#8226;require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital and other general corporate purposes; &#8226;limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; &#8226;restrict us from exploiting business opportunities; &#8226;place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness; and &#8226;limit our availability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other general purposes. 24Table of Contents
CONTENT_40:
If the 2024 Notes are converted by holders, we have the ability under the indenture for the 2024 Notes to deliver cash, equity, common stock, or any combination of cash or common stock, at our election upon conversion of the 2024 Notes.  If we elect to deliver common stock upon conversion of the 2024 Notes, it would dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, certain holders of the 2024 Notes may engage in short selling to hedge their position in the 2024 Notes. Anticipated future conversions of such 2024 Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock.<div
