HEADER_1:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_2:
We continue to expand the pursuit of our Decision Management strategy, and we may not be successful, which could cause our growth prospects and results of operations to suffer.
HEADER_3:
We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of products and services, and if the market does not continue to accept these products and services, our revenues will decline.
HEADER_4:
If we are unable to access new markets or develop new distribution channels, our business and growth prospects could suffer.
HEADER_5:
If we are unable to develop successful new products or if we experience defects, failures and delays associated with the introduction of new products, our business could suffer serious harm.
HEADER_6:
We rely on relatively few customers, as well as our contracts with the three major credit reporting agencies, for a significant portion of our revenues and profits. Many of our customers are significantly larger than we are and may have greater bargaining power. The businesses of our largest customers depend, in large part, on favorable macroeconomic conditions.  If these customers are negatively impacted by weak global economic conditions, global economic volatility or the terms of these relationships otherwise change, our revenues and operating results could decline.  
HEADER_7:
We rely on relationships with third parties for marketing, distribution and certain services.
HEADER_8:
If we experience difficulties in these relationships, our future revenues may be adversely affected.
HEADER_9:
Our acquisition and divestiture activities may disrupt our ongoing business and may involve increased expenses, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals contemplated at the time of a transaction.
HEADER_10:
     Charges to earnings resulting from acquisitions may adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_11:
Our reengineering initiative may cause our growth prospects and profitability to suffer.
HEADER_12:
The occurrence of certain negative events may cause fluctuations in our stock price. 
HEADER_13:
Our products have long and variable sales cycles.
HEADER_14:
If we do not accurately predict these cycles, we may not forecast our financial results accurately, and our stock price could be adversely affected.
HEADER_15:
We typically have revenue-generating transactions concentrated in the final weeks of a quarter, which may prevent accurate forecasting of our financial results and cause our stock price to decline.
HEADER_16:
The failure to recruit and retain additional qualified personnel could hinder our ability to successfully manage our business.
HEADER_17:
The failure to obtain certain forms of model construction data from our customers or others could harm our business.
HEADER_18:
We will continue to rely upon proprietary technology rights, and if we are unable to protect them, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_19:
If we are subject to infringement claims, it could harm our business.
HEADER_20:
If our security measures are compromised or unauthorized access to customer or consumer data is otherwise obtained, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or cease their use of our products and services, our reputation may be damaged and we could incur significant liabilities.
HEADER_21:
Protection from system interruptions is important to our business. If we experience a sustained interruption of our telecommunication systems, it could harm our business.
HEADER_22:
Risks Related to Our Industry
HEADER_23:
Our ability to increase our revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing new products and services.  If the marketplace does not accept these new products and services, our revenues may decline.
HEADER_24:
If we fail to keep up with rapidly changing technologies, our products could become less competitive or obsolete.
HEADER_25:
If our competitors introduce new products and pricing strategies, it could decrease our product sales and market share, or could pressure us to reduce our product prices in a manner that reduces our margins.
HEADER_26:
Legislation that is enacted by the U.S. Congress, the states, Canadian provinces, and other countries, and government regulations that apply to us or to our customers may expose us to liability, cause us to incur significant expense, affect our ability to compete in certain markets, limit the profitability of or demand for our products, or render our products obsolete. If these laws and regulations require us to change our current products and services, it could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_27:
Our revenues depend, to a great extent, upon conditions in the banking (including consumer credit) and insurance industries.  If our clients’ industries experience uncertainty, it will likely harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
HEADER_28:
Risk Related to External Conditions
HEADER_29:
Material adverse developments in global economic conditions, or the occurrence of certain other world events, could affect demand for our products and services and harm our business.  
HEADER_30:
In operations outside the U.S., we are subject to unique risks that may harm our business, financial condition or results of operations.
HEADER_31:
Our anti-takeover defenses could make it difficult for another company to acquire control of FICO, thereby limiting the demand for our securities by certain types of purchasers or the price investors are willing to pay for our stock.
HEADER_32:
If we experience changes in tax laws or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns, it could adversely affect our results of operations.
