CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:

CONTENT_5:

CONTENT_6:

CONTENT_7:

CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:

CONTENT_10:
Despite testing prior to the release and throughout the lifecycle of a product or service, our cloud, software and hardware offerings sometimes contain coding or manufacturing errors that can impact their
function, performance and security, and result in other negative consequences. The detection and correction of any errors in released cloud, software or hardware offerings can be time consuming and costly. Errors in our

   24 





Table of Contents

 
cloud, software or hardware offerings could affect their ability to properly function or operate with other cloud, software or hardware offerings, could delay the development or release of new
products or services or new versions of products or services, could create security vulnerabilities in our products or services, and could adversely affect market acceptance of our products or services. This includes third-party software products or
services incorporated into our own. If we experience errors or delays in releasing our cloud, software or hardware offerings or new versions thereof, our sales could be affected and revenues could decline. In addition, we run Oracle&#146;s business
operations as well as cloud and other services that we offer to our customers on our products and networks. Therefore, any flaws could affect our ability to conduct our business operations and the operations of our customers. Enterprise customers
rely on our cloud, software and hardware offerings and services to run their businesses and errors in our cloud, software or hardware offerings could expose us to product liability, performance and warranty claims as well as significant harm to our
brand and reputation, which could impact our future sales.
CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:
Our revenues, particularly our cloud revenues, new software licenses revenues and hardware revenues, are difficult to forecast. As a result, our quarterly operating results can fluctuate
substantially.   We use a &#147;pipeline&#148; system, a common industry practice, to forecast sales and trends in our business.
Our sales personnel monitor the status of all proposals and estimate when a customer will make a purchase decision and the dollar amount of the sale. These estimates are aggregated periodically to generate a sales pipeline. Our pipeline estimates
can prove to be unreliable both in a particular quarter and over a longer period of time, in part because the &#147;conversion rate&#148; or &#147;closure rate&#148; of the pipeline into contracts can be very difficult to estimate. We may use
conversion or renewal rates in our forecasts for our cloud business that differ materially from our actual conversion or renewal rates because this business is continuing to evolve and such rates may be unpredictable. A reduction in the conversion
rate, or in the pipeline itself, could cause us to plan or budget incorrectly and adversely affect our business or results of operations. In particular, a slowdown in IT spending or economic conditions generally can unexpectedly reduce the
conversion rate in particular periods as purchasing decisions are delayed, reduced in amount or cancelled. The conversion rate can also be affected by the tendency of some of our customers to wait until the end of a fiscal period in the hope of
obtaining more favorable terms, which can also impede our ability to negotiate, execute and deliver upon these contracts in a timely manner. In addition, for newly acquired companies, we have limited ability to predict how their pipelines will
convert into sales or revenues for a number of quarters following the acquisition. Conversion rates post-acquisition may be quite different from the acquired companies&#146; historical conversion rates. Differences in conversion rates can also be
affected by changes in business practices that we implement in our newly acquired companies. These changes may negatively affect customer behavior.  A substantial portion of our new software licenses and hardware contracts is completed in the latter part of a quarter and a significant percentage of these are larger orders. Because a significant
portion of our cost structure is largely fixed in the short term, sales and revenue shortfalls tend to have a disproportionately negative impact on our profitability. The number of large new software licenses transactions and, to a lesser extent,
hardware products transactions increases the risk of fluctuations in our quarterly results because a delay in even a small number of these transactions could cause our quarterly sales, revenues and profitability to fall significantly short of our
predictions.
CONTENT_13:

CONTENT_14:
We conduct a significant number of transactions and hold cash in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Changes in the values of major foreign currencies, particularly the
Euro, Japanese Yen and British Pound, relative to the U.S. Dollar can significantly affect our total assets, revenues, operating results and cash flows, which are reported in U.S. Dollars. In particular, the economic uncertainties relating to
European sovereign and other debt obligations may cause the value of the Euro to fluctuate relative to the U.S. Dollar. Fluctuations in foreign currency rates, including the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro and most other major
international currencies, adversely affects our revenue growth in terms of the amounts that we report in U.S. Dollars after converting our foreign currency results into U.S. Dollars and in terms of actual demand for our products and services as
certain of these products may become relatively more expensive for foreign currency-based enterprises to purchase. In addition, currency 
   25 





Table of Contents

 
variations can adversely affect margins on sales of our products in countries outside of the U.S. Generally, our revenues and operating results are adversely affected when the dollar strengthens
relative to other currencies and are positively affected when the dollar weakens. In addition, our reported assets generally are adversely affected when the dollar strengthens relative to other currencies as a portion of our consolidated cash and
bank deposits, among other assets, are held in foreign currencies. The U.S. Dollar continued to strengthen relative to other currencies in fiscal 2017, which is reflected in our results.  In addition, we incur foreign currency transaction gains and losses, primarily related to sublicense fees and other intercompany agreements among us and our subsidiaries that we expect to cash settle in
the near term, which are charged against earnings in the period incurred. We have a program which primarily utilizes foreign currency forward contracts designed to offset the risks associated with certain foreign currency exposures. We may suspend
the program from time to time. As a part of this program, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts so that increases or decreases in our foreign currency exposures are offset at least in part by gains or losses on the foreign currency
forward contracts in an effort to mitigate the risks and volatility associated with our foreign currency transaction gains or losses. A large portion of our consolidated operations are international, and we expect that we will continue to realize
gains or losses with respect to our foreign currency exposures, net of gains or losses from our foreign currency forward contracts. For example, we will experience foreign currency gains and losses in certain instances if it is not possible or
cost-effective to hedge our foreign currency exposures, if our hedging efforts are ineffective, or should we suspend our foreign currency forward contract program. Our ultimate realized loss or gain with respect to currency fluctuations will
generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency exposures that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, whether we have entered into foreign currency forward contracts to offset
these exposures and other factors. All of these factors could materially impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.  Certain of our international subsidiaries operate in economies that have been designated as highly inflationary. We have incurred foreign currency losses associated with the devaluation of currencies in
these highly inflationary economies relative to the U.S. Dollar and we may continue to incur such losses in these countries or other emerging market countries where we do business.
CONTENT_15:

CONTENT_16:

CONTENT_17:

CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:

CONTENT_20:
The intense competition we face in the sales of our products and services and general economic and
business conditions can put pressure on us to change our prices. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain products or services or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable, we may need to lower prices or offer other
favorable terms in order to compete successfully. Any such changes may reduce margins and could adversely affect operating results. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably
impact the pricing of our on-premise software, hardware and services offerings, which could reduce our revenues and profitability. Our software license updates and product support fees and hardware support fees are generally priced as a percentage
of our net new software licenses fees and net new hardware products fees, respectively. Our competitors may offer lower pricing on their support offerings, which could put pressure on us to further discount our offerings or support pricing.
 Any broad-based change to our prices and pricing policies could cause our revenues to decline or be delayed as our sales force implements and
our customers adjust to the new pricing policies. Some of our competitors may bundle products for promotional purposes or as a long-term pricing strategy or provide guarantees of prices and product implementations. These practices could, over time,
significantly constrain the prices that we can charge for certain of our products. If we do not adapt our pricing models to reflect changes in customer use of our products or changes in customer demand, our revenues could decrease. The increase in
open source software distribution may also cause us to change our pricing models.
CONTENT_21:

CONTENT_22:
We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from, and have significant operations, outside of the U.S. Our international operations include cloud
operations, cloud, software and hardware development, 
   27 





Table of Contents

 
manufacturing, assembly, sales, customer support, consulting and other services and shared administrative service centers.  Compliance with international and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. These laws and regulations
include U.S. laws and local laws which include data privacy requirements, labor relations laws, tax laws, anti-competition regulations, prohibitions on payments to governmental officials, import and trade restrictions and export requirements.
Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could result in prohibitions on our ability to offer
our products and services in one or more countries, could delay or prevent potential acquisitions and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our
business and our operating results. Compliance with these laws requires a significant amount of management attention and effort, which may divert management&#146;s attention from running our business operations and could harm our ability to grow our
business, or may increase our expenses as we engage specialized or other additional resources to assist us with our compliance efforts. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties. We monitor
our operations and investigate allegations of improprieties relating to transactions and the way in which such transactions are recorded. Where circumstances warrant, we provide information and report our findings to government authorities, but no
assurance can be given that action will not be taken by such authorities.  We are also subject to a variety of other risks and challenges in
managing an organization operating in various countries, including those related to:   


 
&#149;
 
 general economic conditions in each country or region; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and related impacts to customer demand and our operating results; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in transferring funds from or converting currencies in certain countries such as Venezuela that have led to a devaluation of our net
assets, in particular our cash assets, in that country&#146;s currency;   


 
&#149;
 
 regulatory changes, including government austerity measures in certain countries that we may not be able to sufficiently plan for or avoid that may
unexpectedly impair bank deposits or other cash assets that we hold in these countries or that impose additional taxes that we may be required to pay in these countries; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 political unrest, terrorism and the potential for other hostilities, including those in Syria, Ukraine, Iraq, Venezuela and Turkey;
  


 
&#149;
 
 common local business behaviors that are in direct conflict with our business ethics, practices and conduct policies; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 natural disasters;   


 
&#149;
 
 the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires and increased storm sensitivity); 
 


 
&#149;
 
 longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 overlapping tax regimes;   


 
&#149;
 
 our ability to repatriate funds held by our foreign subsidiaries to the U.S. at favorable tax rates; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 public health risks, particularly in areas in which we have significant operations; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries.  The variety of risks and challenges listed above could also disrupt or otherwise negatively impact the supply chain operations for our hardware business and the sales of our products and services in
affected countries or regions. 
   28 





Table of Contents

 As the majority shareholder of Oracle Financial Services Software Limited, a publicly traded company in
India, and Oracle Corporation Japan, a publicly traded company in Japan, we are faced with several additional risks, including being subject to local securities regulations and being unable to exert full control that we would otherwise have if these
entities were wholly-owned subsidiaries.
CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:
We continue to invest billions of dollars to acquire companies, products, services and technologies. We have a selective and active acquisition program and we expect to
continue to make acquisitions in the future because acquisitions are an important element of our overall corporate strategy. Risks we may face in connection with our acquisition program include:  
 


 
&#149;
 
 our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management&#146;s attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition or integration activities;
  


 
&#149;
 
 we may have difficulties (1) managing an acquired company&#146;s technologies or lines of business; (2) entering new markets where we have no
or limited direct prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; or (3) retaining key personnel from the acquired companies; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 an acquisition may not further our business strategy as we expected, we may not integrate an acquired company or technology as successfully as we
expected, we may impose our business practices or alter go-to-market strategies that adversely impact the acquired business or we may overpay for, or otherwise not realize the expected return on, our
investments, which could adversely affect our business or operating results and potentially cause impairment to assets that we recorded as a part of an acquisition including intangible assets and goodwill; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 our operating results or financial condition may be adversely impacted by (1) claims or liabilities that we assume from an acquired company or
technology or that are otherwise related to an acquisition, including, among others, claims from government agencies, terminated employees, current or former customers, former stockholders or other third parties; (2) pre-existing contractual
relationships of an acquired company that we would not have otherwise entered into, the termination or modification of which may be costly or disruptive to our business; (3) unfavorable revenue recognition or other accounting treatment as a
result of an acquired company&#146;s practices; and (4) intellectual property claims or disputes;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may fail to identify or assess the magnitude of certain liabilities, shortcomings or other circumstances prior to acquiring a company or technology,
which could result in unexpected litigation or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting treatment, unexpected increases in taxes due, a loss of anticipated tax benefits or other adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial
condition;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may not realize the anticipated increase in our revenues from an acquisition for a number of reasons, including if a larger than predicted number of
customers decline to renew cloud-based subscription contracts or software or hardware support contracts, if we are unable to sell the acquired products or service offerings to our customer base or if contract models of an acquired company do not
allow us to recognize revenues on a timely basis;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may have difficulty incorporating acquired technologies, products, services and their related supply chain operations with our existing lines of
business and supply chain infrastructure and maintaining uniform standards, architecture, controls, procedures and policies;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may have multiple product lines or services offerings as a result of our acquisitions that are offered, priced and supported differently, which
could cause customer confusion and delays;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may have higher than anticipated costs in continuing support and development of acquired products or services, in general and administrative
functions that support new business models, or in compliance with associated regulations that are more complicated than we had anticipated;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may be unable to obtain timely approvals from, or may otherwise have certain limitations, restrictions, penalties or other sanctions imposed on us
by, worker councils or similar bodies under applicable employment laws as a result of an acquisition, which could adversely affect our integration plans in certain jurisdictions and potentially increase our integration and restructuring expenses;

   29 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 we may be unable to obtain required approvals from governmental authorities under competition and antitrust laws on a timely basis, if at all, which
could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, adversely affect our integration plans in certain jurisdictions, otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of an acquisition or
have other adverse effects on our current business and operations;   


 
&#149;
 
 our use of cash to pay for acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of
outstanding indebtedness;   


 
&#149;
 
 we may significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition and we
may have to delay or not proceed with a substantial acquisition if we cannot obtain the necessary funding to complete the acquisition in a timely manner or on favorable terms; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 to the extent that we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and
earnings per share may decrease; and   


 
&#149;
 
 we may experience additional or unexpected changes in how we are required to account for our acquisitions pursuant to U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles, including arrangements that we assume from an acquisition.  The occurrence of any of these risks could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, particularly in the case of a larger acquisition or several concurrent acquisitions.
CONTENT_25:

CONTENT_26:

CONTENT_27:

CONTENT_28:

CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:

CONTENT_32:
Our cloud, software and hardware indirect channel network is comprised primarily of resellers, system integrators/implementers, consultants, education providers, internet
service providers, network integrators and independent software vendors. Our relationships with these channel participants are important elements of our cloud, software and hardware marketing and sales efforts. Our financial results could be
adversely affected if our contracts with channel participants were terminated, if our relationships with channel participants were to deteriorate, if any of our competitors enter into strategic relationships with or acquire a significant channel
participant, if the financial condition or operations of our channel participants were to weaken or if the level of demand for our channel participants&#146; products and services were to decrease. There can be no assurance that we will be
successful in maintaining, expanding or developing our relationships with channel participants. If we are not successful, we may lose sales opportunities, customers and revenues.
CONTENT_33:

CONTENT_34:
We rely on copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, controls and
contractual commitments to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts, these protections may be limited. Unauthorized third parties may try to copy or reverse engineer portions of our products or otherwise obtain and use our
intellectual property. Any patents owned by us may be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Any of our pending or future patent applications, whether or not being currently challenged, may not be issued with the scope of the claims we seek, if at
all. In addition, the laws of some countries do not provide the same level of protection of our intellectual property rights as do the laws and courts of the U.S. If we cannot protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized copying or
use, or other misappropriation, we may not remain competitive.
CONTENT_35:

CONTENT_36:
We periodically receive notices from, or have lawsuits filed against us by, others claiming infringement or other misuse of their
intellectual property rights and/or breach of our agreements with them. These third parties include entities that do not have the capabilities to design, manufacture, or distribute products or services or that acquire intellectual property like
patents for the sole purpose of monetizing their acquired intellectual property through asserting claims of infringement and misuse. We expect to continue to receive such claims as: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 we continue to acquire companies and expand into new businesses; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the number of products and competitors in our industry segments grows; 
   32 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 the use and support of third-party code (including open source code) becomes more prevalent in the industry; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the volume of issued patents continues to increase; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 non-practicing entities continue to assert intellectual property infringement in our industry segments. 
Responding to any such claim, regardless of its validity, could:   


 
&#149;
 
 be time consuming, costly and result in litigation;   


 
&#149;
 
 divert management&#146;s time and attention from developing our business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 require us to pay monetary damages or enter into royalty and licensing agreements that we would not normally find acceptable;
  


 
&#149;
 
 require us to stop selling or to redesign certain of our products; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 require us to release source code to third parties, possibly under open source license terms; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 require us to satisfy indemnification obligations to our customers; or 
 


 
&#149;
 
 otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:
We have in
the past restructured or made other adjustments to our workforce, including our direct sales force on which we rely heavily, in response to management changes, product changes, performance issues, change in strategies, acquisitions and other
internal and external considerations. In the past, these types of sales force restructurings have resulted in increased restructuring costs, increased sales and marketing costs and temporary reduced productivity while the sales teams adjusted to
their new roles and responsibilities. In addition, we may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of these restructurings, or do so within the expected timeframe. These effects could recur in connection with future
acquisitions and other restructurings and our revenues and other results of operations could be negatively affected.
CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:
We rely on hiring qualified employees and the continued service of our senior management, including our Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief
Technology Officer and founder, our Chief Executive Officers, other members of our executive team and other key employees. In the technology industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly skilled business, product development,
technical and other personnel. We may also experience increased compensation costs that are not offset by either improved productivity or higher sales. We may not be successful in recruiting new personnel and in retaining and motivating existing
personnel. With rare exceptions, we do not have long-term employment or non-competition agreements with our employees. Members of our senior management team have left Oracle over the years for a variety of reasons, and we cannot assure you that
there will not be additional departures, which may be disruptive to our operations.  We continually focus on improving our cost structure by
hiring personnel in countries where advanced technical expertise and other expertise are available at lower costs. When we make adjustments to our workforce, we may incur expenses associated with workforce reductions that delay the benefit of a more
efficient workforce structure. We may also experience increased competition for employees in these countries as the trend toward globalization continues, which may affect our employee retention efforts and increase our expenses in an effort to offer
a competitive compensation program.  Our general compensation program includes restricted stock units, performance stock units and stock
options, which are important tools in attracting and retaining employees in our industry. If our stock price performs poorly, it may adversely affect our ability to retain or attract employees. We continually evaluate our compensation practices and
consider changes from time to time, such as reducing the number of employees granted equity awards or the number of equity awards granted per employee and granting alternative forms of stock-based compensation, which may have an impact on our
ability to retain employees and the amount of stock-based compensation expense that we record. Any changes in our compensation practices or those of our competitors could affect our ability to retain and motivate existing personnel and recruit new
personnel. 
   33 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_41:

CONTENT_42:
We derive revenues from contracts with the U.S. government, state and local governments, and foreign governments
and their respective agencies, which may terminate most of these contracts at any time, without cause. There is increased pressure on governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending. Further, our U.S.
federal government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures under these contracts. Similarly, our contracts with U.S. state and local governments, foreign governments and their
agencies are generally subject to government funding authorizations. Additionally, government contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations which could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions,
including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business.
CONTENT_43:

CONTENT_44:
Developing cloud, software and hardware offerings is expensive and the investment in the development of these offerings often involves a long return on investment cycle. An important element of our corporate
strategy is to continue to make significant investments in research and development and related product and service opportunities both through internal investments and the acquisition of intellectual property from companies that we have acquired.
Accelerated product and service introductions and short software and hardware life cycles require high levels of expenditures for research and development that could adversely affect our operating results if not offset by revenue increases. We
believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position. However, we do not expect to receive significant revenues from these investments for several
years, if at all.
CONTENT_45:

CONTENT_46:
A significant
portion of our critical business operations are concentrated in a few geographic areas. We are a highly automated business and a disruption or failure of our systems could cause delays in completing sales and providing services, including some of
our cloud offerings. A major earthquake, fire, other catastrophic event or the effects of climate change (such as increased storm severity, drought and pandemics) that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or IT
systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our future operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
CONTENT_47:

CONTENT_48:
We are subject to various legal proceedings. Litigation can be lengthy, expensive and disruptive to our
operations, and can divert our management&#146;s attention away from running our core business. The results of our litigation also cannot be predicted with certainty. An adverse decision could result in monetary damages or injunctive relief that
could affect our business, operating results or financial condition. Additional information regarding certain of the lawsuits we are involved in is discussed under Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this
Annual Report.
CONTENT_49:

CONTENT_50:
As a multinational
corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We
are regularly under audit by tax authorities and those authorities often do not agree with positions taken by us on our tax returns.  Changes
in tax laws or tax rulings may have a significant adverse impact on our effective tax rate. For example, the U.S., many countries in the EU, and other countries where we do business, are actively considering or have enacted changes in relevant tax,
accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations, including changes to tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. In particular, reforming the taxation of international businesses has been a priority for U.S. politicians, and key
members of the legislative and executive branches have proposed a wide variety of potential changes, any of which could have a significant adverse impact on our effective tax rate. Further, in the ordinary course of a global business, there are many
intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our intercompany transfer pricing has been and is currently being reviewed by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and by foreign tax jurisdictions and
will likely be subject to additional audits in the future. Although we have negotiated certain unilateral Advance Pricing Agreements with the IRS and certain selected bilateral Advance Pricing Agreements that cover some of

   34 





Table of Contents

 
our intercompany transfer pricing issues and preclude the relevant tax authorities from making a transfer pricing adjustment within the scope of these agreements, these agreements do not cover
substantial elements of our transfer pricing. In recent periods, transfer pricing audits in many foreign jurisdictions have become increasingly contentious. Similarly, certain jurisdictions are increasingly raising concerns about certain withholding
tax matters. In addition, our provision for income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions which we consider to be indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. that have lower statutory tax rates and
earnings being higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates.  We are also subject to non-income based taxes,
such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities with respect to these non-income based taxes and may have
exposure to additional non-income based tax liabilities. Our acquisition activities have increased our non-income based tax exposures, particularly with our entry into the hardware business, which increased the volume and complexity of laws and
regulations that we are subject to and with which we must comply.  Although we believe that our income and non-income based tax estimates are
reasonable, there is no assurance that the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes will not be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals.
CONTENT_51:

CONTENT_52:
Under business combination accounting standards pursuant to ASC 805,
Business Combinations, we recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interests in acquired companies generally at their acquisition date fair values and, in each case, separately from goodwill.
Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess amount of consideration transferred, which is also generally measured at fair value, and the net of the acquisition date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities
assumed. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable but which are inherently uncertain. After we complete an acquisition, the following factors could result in material charges and adversely affect our operating
results and may adversely affect our cash flows:   


 
&#149;
 
 costs incurred to combine the operations of companies we acquire, such as transitional employee expenses and employee retention, redeployment or
relocation expenses;   


 
&#149;
 
 impairment of goodwill or impairment of intangible assets, both asset types of which have increased due to our recent acquisitions and may continue to
increase in the future;   


 
&#149;
 
 amortization of intangible assets acquired;   


 
&#149;
 
 a reduction in the useful lives of intangible assets acquired; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 identification of, or changes to, assumed contingent liabilities, both income tax and non-income tax related, after our final determination of the
amounts for these contingencies or the conclusion of the measurement period (generally up to one year from the acquisition date), whichever comes first; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 charges to our operating results to maintain certain duplicative pre-merger activities for an extended period of time or to maintain these activities
for a period of time that is longer than we had anticipated, charges to eliminate certain duplicative pre-merger activities, and charges to restructure our operations or to reduce our cost structure; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 charges to our operating results due to expenses incurred to effect the acquisition; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 charges to our operating results due to the expensing of certain stock awards assumed in an acquisition. 
Substantially all of these costs will be accounted for as expenses that will decrease our net income and earnings per share for the periods in which those
costs are incurred. For example, we recognized a goodwill impairment loss in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 relating to our hardware reporting unit. Charges to our operating results in any given period could differ substantially from other
periods based on the timing and size of our future acquisitions and the extent of integration activities. A more detailed discussion of our accounting for business combinations and other items is presented in the &#147;Critical Accounting Policies
and Estimates&#148; section of Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Item 7). 
   35 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_53:

CONTENT_54:

CONTENT_55:

CONTENT_56:

CONTENT_57:

CONTENT_58:
All of the factors discussed in this
section could affect our stock price. The timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products, product enhancements or technological advances by our competitors or us and any announcements by us of acquisitions, major transactions,
or management changes could also affect our stock price. Changes in the amounts and frequency of share repurchases or dividends could adversely affect our stock price. Our stock price is subject to speculation in the press and the analyst community,
changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors&#146; or analysts&#146; valuation measures for our stock, our credit ratings and market trends unrelated to our performance. A significant drop in our stock
price could also expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and divert management&#146;s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. 
   36 





Table of Contents

 <B
