HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
HEADER_2:
The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously.
HEADER_3:
Intel Corporation’s dominance of the microprocessor market and its aggressive business practices may limit our ability to compete effectively.
HEADER_4:
We have a wafer supply agreement with GF with obligations to purchase all of our microprocessor and APU product requirements, and a certain portion of our GPU product requirements from GF, with limited exceptions. If GF is not able to satisfy our manufacturing requirements, our business could be adversely impacted.
HEADER_5:
We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected.
HEADER_6:
Failure to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products could negatively impact our financial results.
HEADER_7:
The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions.
HEADER_8:
If we cannot generate sufficient revenue and operating cash flow or obtain external financing, we may face a cash shortfall and be unable to make all of our planned investments in research and development or other strategic investments.
HEADER_9:
The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us.
HEADER_10:
Our receipt of revenue from our semi-custom SoC products is dependent upon our technology being designed into third-party products and the success of those products.
HEADER_11:
Global economic uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results.
HEADER_12:
The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive.
HEADER_13:
We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations or meet our working capital requirements.
HEADER_14:
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial position and prevent us from implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations.
HEADER_15:
The agreements governing our notes and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit impose restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability to operate our business.
HEADER_16:
Uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of our products could materially adversely affect us.
HEADER_17:
The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. Fluctuations in demand for our products or a market decline in any of these industries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
HEADER_18:
Our ability to design and introduce new products in a timely manner is dependent upon third-party intellectual property.
HEADER_19:
We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software and other computer platform components to support our business.
HEADER_20:
If we lose Microsoft Corporation’s support for our products or other software vendors do not design and develop software to run on our products, our ability to sell our products could be materially adversely affected.
HEADER_21:
Our reliance on third-party distributors and AIB partners subjects us to certain risks.
HEADER_22:
Our inability to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel may hinder our business.
HEADER_23:
Our issuance to West Coast Hitech L.P. (WCH) of warrants to purchase 75 million shares of our common stock, if and when exercised, will dilute the ownership interests of our existing stockholders, and the conversion of the 2.125% Notes may dilute the ownership interest of our existing stockholders, or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock.
HEADER_24:
In the event of a change of control, we may not be able to repurchase our outstanding debt as required by the applicable indentures and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit, which would result in a default under the indentures and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit.
HEADER_25:
The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns that have materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially adversely affect, our business in the future.
HEADER_26:
Acquisitions, divestitures and/or joint ventures could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition and operating results or dilute, or adversely affect the price of, our common stock.
HEADER_27:
Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls.
HEADER_28:
Data breaches and cyber-attacks could compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information, be costly to remediate and cause significant damage to our business and reputation.
HEADER_29:
Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns.
HEADER_30:
If essential equipment, materials or manufacturing processes are not available to manufacture our products, we could be materially adversely affected.
HEADER_31:
If our products are not compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware, we could be materially adversely affected.
HEADER_32:
Costs related to defective products could have a material adverse effect on us.
HEADER_33:
If we fail to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in customer demand for our products, our business could be materially adversely affected.
HEADER_34:
We outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics functions, including portions of our product distribution, transportation management and information technology support services.
HEADER_35:
The completion and impact of the 2015 Restructuring Plan, our transformation initiatives and any future restructuring actions could adversely affect us.
HEADER_36:
We may incur future impairments of goodwill.
HEADER_37:
Our stock price is subject to volatility.
HEADER_38:
Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
HEADER_39:
Worldwide political conditions may adversely affect demand for our products.
HEADER_40:
Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us.
HEADER_41:
Our inability to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market could have a material adverse effect on us.
HEADER_42:
If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property in the United States and abroad, through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses.
HEADER_43:
We are party to litigation and may become a party to other claims or litigation that could cause us to incur substantial costs or pay substantial damages or prohibit us from selling our products.
HEADER_44:
Our business is subject to potential tax liabilities.
HEADER_45:
We are subject to environmental laws, conflict minerals-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act as well as a variety of other laws or regulations that could result in additional costs and liabilities.
