HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the events described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operation and growth prospects. In such an event, the trading price of our common stock may decline and you may lose all or part of your investment.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
HEADER_4:
We have a history of losses, and we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses or when, if ever, we will achieve profitability in the future.
HEADER_5:
Our quarterly operating results are likely to vary significantly and be unpredictable, which could cause the trading price of our stock to decline.
HEADER_6:
If we are unable to maintain high subscription renewal rates, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed.
HEADER_7:
If we are unable to sell additional solutions to our customers, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed.
HEADER_8:
If our solutions fail to protect our customers from security breaches, our brand and reputation could be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
HEADER_9:
If our customers experience data losses, our brand, reputation and business could be harmed.
HEADER_10:
Defects or vulnerabilities in our solutions could harm our reputation, reduce the sales of our solutions and expose us to liability for losses.
HEADER_11:
Because we provide security solutions, our software, website and internal systems may be subject to intentional disruption that could adversely impact our reputation and future sales.
HEADER_12:
We believe that there is a trend for large and mid‑sized enterprises to migrate their on‑premise email systems to cloud‑based offerings. If we fail to successfully develop, market, broaden or enhance our solutions to continue to be attractive to existing customers currently using cloud‑based email systems or to new prospects, our ability to grow or maintain our revenue could be harmed, and our business could suffer.
HEADER_13:
Historically, our solutions have been used primarily for email, and any decrease in the use of email systems by large and mid‑sized enterprises over time, or the failure of our newly developed solutions for emerging methods of communication and collaboration to gain acceptance could harm our business.
HEADER_14:
Our solutions collect, filter and archive customer data which may contain personal information, which raises privacy concerns and could result in us having liability or inhibit sales of our solutions.
HEADER_15:
We operate in a highly competitive environment with large, established competitors, and our competitors may gain market share in the markets for our solutions that could adversely affect our business and cause our revenue to decline.
HEADER_16:
If we do not effectively expand and train our sales force, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing customers and our business will be harmed.
HEADER_17:
Our sales cycle is long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, our results are difficult to predict and may vary substantially from quarter to quarter, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate.
HEADER_18:
Our cash flow is dependent in part upon our average contract durations, so significant shortening of our average contract durations may cause significant negative impact to our operating results.
HEADER_19:
Because our long-term success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the sales of our platform to our customers located outside of the United States, our business will be increasingly susceptible to risks associated with international operations.
HEADER_20:
If the market for our delivery model and cloud computing services develops more slowly than we expect, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_21:
If we are unable to enhance our existing solutions and develop new solutions, our growth will be harmed and we may not be able to achieve profitability.
HEADER_22:
If we are unable to cost-effectively scale or adapt our existing architecture to accommodate increased traffic, technological advances or changing customer requirements, our operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_23:
If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively or if our partners choose not to market and sell our solutions to their customers, our operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_24:
Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions over the term of the relevant service period, decreases or increases in sales are not immediately reflected in full in our operating results.
HEADER_25:
Interruptions or delays in services provided by third parties could impair the delivery of our service and harm our business.
HEADER_26:
Any failure to offer high-quality technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and harm our financial results.
HEADER_27:
If we fail to develop or protect our brand, our business may be harmed.
HEADER_28:
The steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate.
HEADER_29:
Third parties claiming that we infringe their intellectual property rights could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and prevent us from selling our solutions.
HEADER_30:
We rely on technology and intellectual property licensed from other parties, the failure or loss of which could increase our costs and delay or prevent the delivery of our solutions.
HEADER_31:
Some of our solutions contain “open source” software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business.
HEADER_32:
Governmental regulations affecting the export of certain of our solutions could negatively affect our business.
HEADER_33:
We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods. If we fail to manage such growth and our future growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service or adequately address competitive challenges.
HEADER_34:
We have and may further expand through acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies, which may divert our management’s attention, dilute our stockholders and consume corporate resources that otherwise would be necessary to sustain and grow our business.
HEADER_35:
If we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, lose key personnel, fail to integrate replacement personnel successfully, or fail to manage our employee base effectively, we may be unable to develop new and enhanced solutions, effectively manage or expand our business, or increase our revenue.
HEADER_36:
Changes in laws and/or regulations related to the Internet or changes in the Internet infrastructure itself may diminish the demand for our solutions, and could have a negative impact on our business.
HEADER_37:
If we are required to collect sales and use taxes on the solutions we sell, we may be subject to liability for past sales and our future sales may decrease.
HEADER_38:
Adverse conditions in the national and global economies and financial markets may adversely affect our business and financial results.
HEADER_39:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by manmade problems such as terrorism.
HEADER_40:
A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks.
HEADER_41:
If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired.
HEADER_42:
We may not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss or research tax credit carryforwards, which could adversely affect our profitability.
HEADER_43:
We have been incurring significantly increased costs and devoting substantial management time as a result of operating as a public company.
HEADER_44:
Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock
HEADER_45:
Our stock price has been volatile in the past and may be subject to volatility in the future.
HEADER_46:
We have indebtedness in the form of convertible senior notes.
HEADER_47:
Conversion of our Notes may affect the price of our common stock and the value of the Notes.
HEADER_48:
Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt.
HEADER_49:
Our failure to raise additional capital or generate the significant capital necessary to expand our operations and invest in new solutions could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business.
HEADER_50:
We do not anticipate paying cash dividends, and accordingly, stockholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment.
