HEADER_1:
If we fail to maintain and expand the use by consumers of digital coupons on our platform, our revenues and busines
HEADER_2:
s will be harmed. 
HEADER_3:
Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. 
HEADER_4:
Our business depends on our ability to maintain and scale the network infrastructure necessary to operate our platform, including our websites, mobile applications and Retailer iQ platform, and any signif
HEADER_5:
icant disruption in service could result in a loss of CPGs, retailers and consumers. 
HEADER_6:
We are a defendant in a purported class action lawsuit arising out of ou
HEADER_7:
r initial public offering (“IPO”) and we may be involved in additional litigation in the future.
HEADER_8:
We may not be able to adequately protect our intell
HEADER_9:
ectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 
HEADER_10:
Our business depends on strong brands, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, or if we receive unfavorable media coverage, our ability to retain and expand our number of CPGs, retailers and consumers will be impaired and our business an
HEADER_11:
d operating results will be harmed. 
HEADER_12:
es and strategic investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences. 
HEADER_13:
If we fail to expand effectively in international markets, our revenues and our business may be harmed. 
HEADER_14:
The loss of one or more key members of our management team, or our failure to attract, integrate and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could harm our business. 
HEADER_15:
Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
HEADER_16:
The concentration of our common stock ownership with our executive officers, directors and affiliates will limit your ability to influe
HEADER_17:
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 
