HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A.     Risk Factors 
HEADER_2:
Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the following risks and all other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before investing in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and investors may lose some or all of their investment.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_4:
Our quarterly operating results are likely to vary significantly and be unpredictable.
HEADER_5:
Adverse economic conditions or reduced information technology spending may adversely impact our business. 
HEADER_6:
Our billings and revenue growth may slow or may not continue.
HEADER_7:
We rely significantly on revenue from FortiGuard security subscription and FortiCare technical support services which may decline, and because we recognize revenue from FortiGuard security subscription and FortiCare technical support services over the term of the relevant service period, downturns or upturns in sales of FortiGuard security subscription and FortiCare technical support services are not immediately reflected in full in our operating results.
HEADER_8:
We generate a majority of revenue from sales to distributors, resellers and end-customers outside of the United States, and we are therefore subject to a number of risks associated with international sales and operations.
HEADER_9:
If we are not successful in continuing to execute our strategy to increase our sales to larger end-customers, our results of operations may suffer.
HEADER_10:
Managing inventory of our products and product components is complex. Insufficient inventory may result in lost sales opportunities or delayed revenue, while excess inventory may harm our gross margins.
HEADER_11:
We are dependent on the continued services and performance of our senior management, the loss of any of whom could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_12:
If we are unable to hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel, our business will suffer.
HEADER_13:
The average sales prices of our products may decrease, which may reduce our gross profits and adversely impact our financial results and the trading price of our common stock.
HEADER_14:
Reliance on a concentration of shipments at the end of the quarter could cause our billings and revenue to fall below expected levels.
HEADER_15:
Unless we continue to develop better market awareness of our company and our products and to improve lead generation, our revenue may not continue to grow.
HEADER_16:
We rely on third-party channel partners to generate substantially all of our revenue. If our partners fail to perform, our ability to sell our products and services will be limited, and if we fail to optimize our channel partner model going forward, our operating results will be harmed.
HEADER_17:
Actual, possible or perceived defects or vulnerabilities in our products or services, the failure of our products or services to prevent a virus or security breach, or misuse of our products could harm our reputation and divert resources.
HEADER_18:
Our business and operations have experienced growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth, or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our operating results will be negatively affected.
HEADER_19:
If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our operating results could fall below expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price.
HEADER_20:
We offer retroactive price protection to certain of our major distributors, and if we fail to balance their inventory with end-customer demand for our products, our allowance for price protection may be inadequate, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_21:
Because we depend on several third-party manufacturers to build our products, we are susceptible to manufacturing delays that could prevent us from shipping customer orders on time, if at all, and may result in the loss of sales and customers, and third-party manufacturing cost increases could result in lower gross margins.
HEADER_22:
Because some of the key components in our products come from limited sources of supply, we are susceptible to supply shortages, long lead times for components, and supply changes, each of which could disrupt or delay our scheduled product deliveries to our customers, result in inventory shortage, and may result in the loss of sales and customers, and increased component costs may result in lower gross margins.
HEADER_23:
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_24:
We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability, restriction on sales, and/or impair our ability to compete in international markets.
HEADER_25:
If we fail to comply with environmental requirements, our business, financial condition, operating results and reputation could be adversely affected.
HEADER_26:
A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government organizations, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks.
HEADER_27:
False detection of viruses or security breaches or false identification of spam or spyware could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_28:
If our internal network system is compromised by computer hackers, public perception of our products and services will be harmed.
HEADER_29:
Our ability to sell our products is dependent on the quality of our technical support services, and our failure to offer high quality technical support services would have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.
HEADER_30:
We could be subject to changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities. 
HEADER_31:
Forecasting our estimated annual effective tax rate is complex and subject to uncertainty, and there may be material differences between our forecasted and actual tax rates.
HEADER_32:
Our inability to acquire and integrate other businesses, products or technologies could seriously harm our competitive position.
HEADER_33:
Our business is subject to the risks of warranty claims, product returns, product liability and product defects.
HEADER_34:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by manmade problems such as civil unrest, labor disruption, and terrorism.
HEADER_35:
Risks Related to Our Industry
HEADER_36:
The network security market is rapidly evolving and the complex technology incorporated in our products makes them difficult to develop. If we do not accurately predict, prepare for and respond promptly to technological and market developments and changing end-customer needs, our competitive position and prospects will be harmed.
HEADER_37:
Our URL database for our web filtering service may fail to keep pace with the rapid growth of URLs and may not categorize websites in accordance with our end-customers
HEADER_38:
If our new products and product enhancements do not achieve sufficient market acceptance, our results of operations and competitive position will suffer.
HEADER_39:
Demand for our products may be limited by market perception that individual products from one vendor that provide multiple layers of security protection in one product are inferior to point solution network security solutions from multiple vendors.
HEADER_40:
We face intense competition in our market and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position.
HEADER_41:
If functionality similar to that offered by our products is incorporated into existing network infrastructure products, organizations may decide against adding our appliances to their network, which would have an adverse effect on our business.
HEADER_42:
Risks Related to Intellectual Property
HEADER_43:
Our proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our products without compensating us.
HEADER_44:
Our products contain third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to sell our products.
HEADER_45:
Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other litigation matters could harm our business.
HEADER_46:
We rely on the availability of third-party licenses.
HEADER_47:
Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock
HEADER_48:
As a public company, we are subject to compliance initiatives that will require substantial time from our management and result in significantly increased costs that may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
HEADER_49:
Changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected fluctuations and affect our reported results of operations. 
HEADER_50:
If securities or industry analysts stop publishing research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_51:
The trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile.
HEADER_52:
Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt.
