HEADER_1:
You should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the risk factors listed below. The risks described below are not the only ones facing our Company. Additional risks not now known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of these risks actually occur, our business could be materially harmed. If our business is harmed, the trading price of our common stock could decline.
HEADER_2:
As discussed earlier in "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements," this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of such risks and uncertainties and certain factors including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, information under the section "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and additional factors that accompany the related forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in the Company's other filings with the SEC, and in material incorporated herein and therein by reference.  In light of the significant risks and uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein that may cause actual performance and results to differ materially from those predicted, any such forward-looking information should not be regarded as representations or guarantees by the Company of future performance or results, or that its objectives or plans will be achieved or that any of its operating expectations or financial forecasts will be realized. Reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking information contained herein, which reflect management's analysis only as of the date hereof. Except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation to publicly release the results of any update or revision to any forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect new information, events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated or future events, or otherwise.
HEADER_3:
Risks Relating to General Business Conditions
HEADER_4:
Our future results may fluctuate, fail to match past performance or fail to meet expectations.
HEADER_5:
Downturns in the business cycle could adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
HEADER_6:
Current global economic conditions and the potential changes in global economic policy, including the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA, and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, could reduce demand for our products.
HEADER_7:
Business interruptions could harm our business.
HEADER_8:
Risks Relating to Production Operations
HEADER_9:
We obtain many essential components and materials and certain critical manufacturing services from a limited number of suppliers and subcontractors, most of which are foreign-based entities.
HEADER_10:
Our products may be found to be defective, product liability claims may be asserted against us and we may not have sufficient liability insurance.
HEADER_11:
Obsolete inventories as a result of changes in demand for our products and change in life cycles of our products could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_12:
Risks Relating to Research and Development, Engineering, Intellectual Property and New Technologies
HEADER_13:
We may be unsuccessful in developing and selling new products, which is central to our objective of maintaining and expanding our business. 
HEADER_14:
Our customers require our products to undergo a lengthy and expensive qualification process without any assurance of product sales.
HEADER_15:
Our products may fail to meet new industry standards or requirements and the efforts to meet such industry standards or requirements could be costly
HEADER_16:
We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights.
HEADER_17:
We may suffer losses and business interruption if our products infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
HEADER_18:
We must commit resources to product production prior to receipt of purchase commitments and could lose some or all of the associated investment.
HEADER_19:
Risks Relating to International Operations
HEADER_20:
We sell and trade with foreign customers, which subjects our business to increased risks.
HEADER_21:
Our foreign currency exposures may change over time as the level of activity in foreign markets grows and could have an adverse impact upon financial results. 
HEADER_22:
We may be subject to increased tax liabilities and an increased effective tax rate if we need to repatriate funds held by our foreign subsidiaries.
HEADER_23:
We are subject to export restrictions and laws affecting trade and investments.
HEADER_24:
Risks Relating to Sales, Marketing and Competition
HEADER_25:
We compete against larger, more established entities and our market share may be reduced if we are unable to respond to our competitors effectively.
HEADER_26:
Industry consolidation may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results. 
HEADER_27:
We receive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and the loss of any one of these customers or failure to collect a receivable from them could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_28:
Premier is a distributor with a concentration of sales to Samsung. The above percentages represent our estimate of the sales activity related to Samsung that is passing through this distributor.
HEADER_29:
The volatility of customer demand limits our ability to predict future levels of sales and profitability. 
HEADER_30:
Most of our authorized distributors, which together represent more than half of our net sales, can terminate their contract with us with little or no notice. The termination of a distributor could negatively impact our business, including net sales and accounts receivable.
HEADER_31:
Risks Relating to Governmental Regulations, including Taxes, Financial Reporting Rules and Regulations, and Environmental Regulations
HEADER_32:
Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price.
HEADER_33:
are subject to government regulations and other standards that impose operational and reporting requirements.
HEADER_34:
Our failure to comply with any applicable environmental regulations could result in a range of consequences, including fines, suspension of production, excess inventory, sales limitations, and criminal and civil liabilities. 
HEADER_35:
"Conflict minerals" regulations may cause us to incur additional expenses, may make our supply chain more complex and may result in damage to our reputation with customers.
HEADER_36:
Certain of our customers and suppliers require us to comply with their codes of conduct, which may include certain restrictions that may substantially increase our cost of doing business as well as have an adverse effect on our operating efficiencies, operating results and financial condition
HEADER_37:
Our operating results could be adversely affected as a result of changes in our effective tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities, or by material differences between our forecasted annual effective tax rates and actual tax rates.
HEADER_38:
We are subject to review by taxing authorities, including the Internal Revenue Service.
HEADER_39:
We may be subject to taxation and review of our compliance with value-added and other sales-type tax regulations in other jurisdictions which could negatively affect our operations.
HEADER_40:
We have limited experience with government contracting, which entails differentiated business risks. 
HEADER_41:
Government investigations and inquiries from regulatory agencies could lead to enforcement actions, fines, restatement of our financial statements or other penalties and could result in litigation against us. 
HEADER_42:
Risks Relating to our Business Strategies, Personnel and Other Operations
HEADER_43:
The loss of any of our key personnel or the failure to attract or retain specialized technical and management personnel could impair our ability to grow our business.
HEADER_44:
We face risks associated with companies we have acquired in the past and may acquire in the future.
HEADER_45:
We may be required to recognize additional impairment charges in the future which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
HEADER_46:
We have significant investments in entities that we do not control. Losses in the value of such investments could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results.
HEADER_47:
To the extent that we have any interest in an entity for which we are required to consolidate, we would need to rely on those entities to timely deliver important financial information to us. In the event that the financial information is inaccurate, incomplete, or not timely, we may not be able to meet our financial reporting obligations as required by the SEC.
HEADER_48:
Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by new accounting pronouncements or changes in existing accounting standards and practices.
HEADER_49:
ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to service our debt obligations or to obtain additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control. 
HEADER_50:
Restrictive covenants in the credit agreement governing our senior secured first lien credit facilities may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies. 
HEADER_51:
We rely on certain critical information systems for the operation of our business and a disruption in our information systems, including those related to cybersecurity, could adversely affect our business operations.
HEADER_52:
The costs associated with our indemnification of certain customers, distributors, and other parties could be higher in future periods.
HEADER_53:
Our stock price could be subject to extreme price fluctuations, and stockholders could have difficulty trading shares.
HEADER_54:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, the trading price of our common stock could decline.
HEADER_55:
Anti-takeover provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.
HEADER_56:
We are subject to litigation risks which may be costly to defend and the outcome of which is uncertain and could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
