HEADER_1:
Adverse changes in the key end markets we target could harm our business by reducing our sales.
HEADER_2:
Our operating results and cash generated from operations are subject to significant uncertainties, which can cause our future sales and net income to be variable.
HEADER_3:
We rely on a relatively small number of customers for a substantial portion of our sales, and declines in sales to these customers could reduce our net sales and net income. 
HEADER_4:
We are subject to risks arising from our international operations.
HEADER_5:
We are subject to intense competition in the EMS industry which could cause us to lose sales and therefore harm our financial performance.
HEADER_6:
Our strategy to pursue higher margin business depends in part on the success of our Components, Products and Services (CPS) business, which, if not successful, could cause our future gross margins and operating results to be lower.
HEADER_7:
Cancellations, reductions in production quantities, delays in production by our customers and changes in customer requirements could reduce our sales and net income.
HEADER_8:
Our customers could experience credit problems, which could reduce our future revenues and net income.
HEADER_9:
Changes in U.S. trade or tax policy could increase the cost of using our offshore manufacturing services for our U.S customers, leading them to reduce their orders to us.
HEADER_10:
Consolidation in the electronics industry may adversely affect our business by increasing customer buying power and increasing prices we pay for components.
HEADER_11:
Recruiting and retaining our key personnel is critical to the continued growth of our business.
HEADER_12:
Cyberattacks and other disruptions of our IT network and systems could interrupt our operations, lead to loss of our customer data and intellectual property and subject us to damages.
HEADER_13:
Unanticipated changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could increase our taxes and decrease our net income; our projections of future taxable income that drove the release of our valuation allowance in prior years could prove to be incorrect, which could cause a charge to earnings; proposed corporate tax reform measures could reduce the value of our deferred tax assets and result in taxation of untaxed foreign earnings.
HEADER_14:
If we are unable to protect our intellectual property or infringe, or are alleged to infringe, upon intellectual property of others, we could be required to pay significant amounts in costs or damages.
HEADER_15:
We can experience losses due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and currency controls, which could reduce our net income and impact our ability to repatriate funds.
HEADER_16:
Customer requirements to transfer business may increase our costs.
HEADER_17:
Allegations of failures to comply with domestic or international employment and related laws could result in the payment of significant damages, which would reduce our net income.
HEADER_18:
We are subject to a number of U.S. governmental procurement rules and regulations and failure to comply with such rules and regulations could result in damages or reduction of future revenue.
HEADER_19:
We may not have sufficient insurance coverage for potential claims and losses, which could leave us responsible for certain costs and damages.
HEADER_20:
Our supply chain is subject to a number of economic, regulatory and environmental risks that could increase our costs or cause us to delay shipments to customers, reducing our revenue and margins.
HEADER_21:
Any failure to comply with applicable environmental laws could adversely affect our business by causing us to pay significant amounts for cleanup of hazardous materials or for damages or fines. 
HEADER_22:
We may not be successful in implementing and integrating strategic transactions or in divesting assets or businesses, which could harm our operating results; we could become required to book a charge to earnings should we determine that goodwill and other acquired assets are impaired.
HEADER_23:
We may be unable to generate sufficient liquidity to expand our operations, which may reduce the business our customers and vendors are able to do with us; we could experience losses if one or more financial institutions holding our cash or other financial counterparties were to fail; repatriation of foreign cash could increase our taxes.
HEADER_24:
Our credit agreements contain covenants which may adversely impact our business; the failure to comply with such covenants could cause our outstanding debt to become immediately payable.
HEADER_25:
If we are unable to maintain our technological and manufacturing process expertise, our business could be adversely affected.
HEADER_26:
If we manufacture or design defective products, or if our manufacturing processes do not comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, we could be subject to claims, damages and fines and lose customers.
HEADER_27:
We are subject to risks associated with natural disasters and global events.
HEADER_28:
Changes in financial accounting standards or policies have affected, and in the future may affect, our reported financial condition or results of operations; there are inherent limitations to our system of internal controls; changes in securities laws and regulations have increased, and are likely to continue to increase, our operating costs
HEADER_29:
The market price of our common stock is volatile and is impacted by factors other than our financial performance.
