CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:
We have incurred net losses since our inception, including net losses of $251.7 million, $179.1 million and $177.4 million for
the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As a result, we had an accumulated deficit of $702.5 million as of December 31, 2016. These losses and our accumulated deficit includes the accounting for the Yahoo!
stock warrant (the &#147;2011 Yahoo! Warrant&#148;) described in Item 7&#151;&#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&#148; It is difficult for us to predict our future results of
operations since the market for our solutions is rapidly evolving and has not yet reached widespread adoption. We may not achieve sufficient revenue to attain and maintain profitability. We expect our operating expenses to increase over the next
several years as we hire additional personnel, particularly in sales, expand and improve the effectiveness of our distribution channels, and continue to invest in the development of our Connected Data Platforms, the Hortonworks Data Platform
(&#147;HDP&#148;) and Hortonworks DataFlow (&#147;HDF&#148;) offerings. In addition, as we grow and as a result of being a public company, we will incur additional significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private
company. As a result of these increased expenses, we will have to generate and sustain increased revenue to be profitable in future periods. Any failure by us to sustain or increase profitability on a consistent basis could cause the value of our
common stock to decline.
CONTENT_5:

CONTENT_6:
We were incorporated in 2011 and introduced our first solution in 2012. As a result of our limited operating history, our ability
to forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our historical revenue growth has been inconsistent, has benefited from transactions with
related parties and should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including an increase in multi-year transactions,
slowing demand for our support subscription offerings and our professional services, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities. It could
also become increasingly difficult to predict revenue as our mix of annual, multi-year and other types of transactions changes as a result of our expansion into cloud-based offerings. Finally, we have also encountered and will encounter risks and
uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future revenue growth (each of which
we use to plan our business) are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations and our business could suffer.
CONTENT_7:

CONTENT_8:
We have limited experience with respect to determining the optimal prices for our support subscription offerings. As the market for open source
distributed data platforms matures, or as competitors introduce new products or 
   13 




Table of Contents

 
services that compete with ours, we may be unable to attract new support subscription customers at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used historically. Moreover, large
support subscription customers, which are the focus of our sales efforts, may demand greater price concessions. As a result, in the future we may be required to reduce our prices, which could harm our revenue, gross margins, financial position and
cash flows. Furthermore, while the terms of our support subscription agreements limit the number of supported nodes or the size of supported data sets, such limitations may be improperly circumvented or otherwise bypassed by certain users. 
We expect to derive a significant portion of our revenue from renewals of existing support subscription agreements. As a result, customers
renewing and expanding their support subscription relationships with us will be critical to our business. Our support subscription customers have no obligation to renew their support subscriptions after the expiration of the initial support
subscription period and may renew for fewer elements of our support subscription offerings or on different pricing terms. We have limited historical data with respect to support subscription customer renewals, including those support subscription
arrangements which also allow the customer the ability to potentially impact the direction and development of the underlying open source solution, so we cannot accurately predict support subscription customer renewals. Our support subscription
customers&#146; renewals may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their dissatisfaction with our pricing or our product offerings and their ability to continue their operations and spending levels. Additionally,
customers may elect to implement and self-support Hadoop deployments internally rather than purchasing a support subscription from us. If our support subscription customers do not renew their support subscriptions on similar pricing terms, our
revenue may decline and our business could suffer. In addition, over time the average term of our contracts could change based on renewals or for other reasons.
CONTENT_9:

CONTENT_10:
We derive and expect to continue to derive primarily all of our revenue and cash flows from customer fees for support subscription offerings
and professional services in support of our Connected Data Platforms: HDP and HDF. As such, the market acceptance of our Connected Data Platforms is critical to our continued success. Customer demand for our Connected Data Platforms is affected by a
number of factors beyond our control, including the market acceptance of an open source data platform for both incremental and existing use cases, the continued enhancement of our Connected Data Platforms to support new use cases and to incorporate
features and functionality desired by our support subscription customers, the timing of development and release of new products by our competitors, technological change and growth or contraction in our market. We expect the proliferation of data to
lead to an increase in the data storage and processing demands of our customers, and our Connected Data Platforms may not be able to perform to meet those demands. If we are unable to continue to meet support subscription customer requirements or to
achieve more widespread market acceptance of our Connected Data Platforms, our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects will be harmed.
CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:
The market for our Connected Data Platforms
encompasses demand for open source distributed data platforms powered by Apache Hadoop and demand for open source data ingest platforms powered principally by open source projects like Apache NiFi. These markets are relatively new, rapidly evolving
and unproven. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to penetrate the existing market for open source distributed data platforms, as well as the continued growth and expansion of that market, and it will also depend on the
ability of technology like Apache NiFi to penetrate the existing market for open source data ingest platforms as well as the 
   14 




Table of Contents

 
continued growth and expansion of that market. It is difficult to predict support subscription customer adoption and renewals, support subscription customer demand for our offerings, the size,
growth rate and expansion of these markets, the entry of competitive products or the success of existing competitive products. Our ability to penetrate the existing market for open source Connected Data Platforms and any expansion of that market
depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our offerings, as well as support subscription customers&#146; willingness to adopt an alternative approach to data collection, storage and
processing. Furthermore, many potential support subscription customers have made significant investments in legacy data collection, storage and processing software and may be unwilling to invest in new solutions. If the market for open source
Connected Data Platforms fails to grow or expand or decreases in size, or if we do not succeed in further penetrating that market, our business would be harmed.
CONTENT_13:

CONTENT_14:
In addition to our direct sales force and our website, we use strategic partners, such as distribution partners
and resellers, to sell our support subscription offerings and our professional services. We expect that sales through partners will continue to grow as a proportion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. 
Our agreements with our partners are generally non-exclusive, meaning our partners may offer customers
the products and services of several different companies, including products and services that compete with ours, or may themselves be or become competitors. If our partners do not effectively market and sell our support subscription offerings and
our professional services, choose to use greater efforts to market and sell their own products and services or those of our competitors, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, our ability to grow our business and sell our support subscription
offerings and our professional services may be harmed. Our partners may cease marketing our support subscription offerings or professional services with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty. The loss of a substantial number of our
partners, our possible inability to replace them, or the failure to recruit additional partners could harm our results of operations.  Our
ability to achieve revenue growth in the future will depend in part on our success in maintaining successful relationships with our partners, and in helping our partners enhance their ability to independently sell our support subscription offerings
and deliver professional services. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with these partners, or otherwise develop and expand our indirect distribution channel, our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be
harmed.
CONTENT_15:

CONTENT_16:

CONTENT_17:

CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:

CONTENT_20:
We rely to a significant degree on a number of independent open source software programmers, or Hadoop committers and contributors, to develop
and enhance Apache Hadoop, Apache NiFi and associated open source technologies. Additionally, members of the corresponding Apache Software Foundation PMCs, many of whom are not employed by us, are primarily responsible for the oversight and
evolution of the codebases of Hadoop and its related technologies. If the Hadoop committers and contributors fail to adequately further develop and enhance open source technologies, or if the PMCs fail to oversee and guide the evolution of
Hadoop-related technologies in the manner that we believe is appropriate to maximize the market potential of our offerings, then we would have to rely on other parties, or we would need to expend additional resources, to develop and enhance our
offerings. We also must devote adequate resources to our own internal programmers to support their continued development and enhancement of open source technologies, and if we do not do so, we may have to turn to third parties or experience delays
in developing or enhancing open source technologies. We cannot predict whether further developments and enhancements to these technologies would be available from reliable alternative sources. In either event, our development expenses could be
increased and our technology release and upgrade schedules could be delayed. Delays in developing, completing or delivering new or enhanced offerings could cause our offerings to be less competitive, impair customer acceptance of our offerings and
result in delayed or reduced revenue for our offerings.
CONTENT_21:

CONTENT_22:
We provide our support subscription offerings primarily under annual
or multi-year subscriptions. A support subscription generally entitles a support subscription customer to a specified scope of support, as well as security updates, fixes, functionality enhancements and upgrades to the technology and new versions of
the software, if and when available, and compatibility with an ecosystem of certified hardware and software applications. We may encounter support subscription customer resistance to this distribution model or support subscription customers may fail
to honor the terms of our support subscription agreements. To the extent we are unsuccessful in promoting or defending this distribution model, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed. 
   16 




Table of Contents

 Demand for our offerings may fluctuate based on numerous factors, including the spending levels
and growth of our current and prospective support subscription customers, and general economic conditions. In addition, our support subscription customers generally undertake a significant evaluation process that may result in a prolonged sales
cycle. We spend substantial time, effort and money on our sales efforts, including developing and implementing appropriate go-to-market strategies and training our sales
force and ecosystem partners in order to effectively market new solutions, without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. The purchase of our offerings may be discretionary and can involve significant expenditures. If our current and
prospective support subscription customers cut costs, then they may significantly reduce their enterprise software expenditures.  As
technologies and the marketplace for our offerings change, our subscription-based business model may no longer meet the needs of our support subscription customers. Consequently, we may need to develop new and appropriate marketing and pricing
strategies for our solutions. If we are unable to adapt our business model to changes in the marketplace or if demand for our solutions declines, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed.
CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:
Our future growth depends in part upon expanding sales of our support subscription offerings and our
professional services to our existing customers. If our existing customers do not purchase additional or incremental support subscription offerings and professional services, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected, may not grow at all or may
decline. Additionally, increasing incremental sales to our current customer base requires increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts. There can be no assurance that our efforts will result in increased sales to existing customers and
additional revenue. If our efforts to expand sales to our existing customers are not successful, our business and operating results would be harmed.
CONTENT_25:

CONTENT_26:
Our revenue and results of operations could vary significantly from period to period as a result of various
factors, many of which are outside of our control. At the beginning of each quarter, we do not know the number of new support subscriptions that we will enter into during the quarter. In addition, the contract value of our support subscriptions
varies substantially among customers, and a single, large support subscription in a given period could distort our results of operations. Comparing our revenue and results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
We may not be able to accurately predict our future revenue or results of operations on a quarterly or longer-term basis. We base our current
and future expense levels on our operating plans and sales forecasts, and our operating costs are expected to be relatively fixed in the short-term. As a result, we may not be able to reduce our costs sufficiently to compensate for an unexpected
shortfall in billings or revenue, and even a small shortfall in revenue in a quarter could harm our financial results for that quarter and cause our financial results to fall short of analyst expectations, which could cause the market price of our
common stock to decline substantially.  In addition to other risk factors described in this &#147;Risk Factors&#148; section, factors that
may cause our results of operations to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include:   


 
&#149;
 
 the timing of new customer contracts for support subscription offerings and professional services, and the
extent to which we earn additional revenue and cash flow from existing customers as they expand their deployment of our Connected Data Platforms;   


 
&#149;
 
 the renewals of our support subscription arrangements with our customers; 
   17 




Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 changes in the competitive dynamics of our market; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 customers delaying purchasing decisions in anticipation of new software or software enhancements;
  


 
&#149;
 
 the timing of satisfying revenue recognition criteria, especially considering our lack of vendor-specific
objective evidence of fair value (&#147;VSOE&#148;) for our support subscriptions and professional services offerings;   


 
&#149;
 
 our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the proportion of revenue attributable to larger transactions as opposed to smaller transactions and the
impact that a change in such proportion may have on the overall average selling price of our support subscription offerings;   


 
&#149;
 
 the proportion of revenue attributable to support subscription offerings and professional services, which may
impact our gross margins and operating income;   


 
&#149;
 
 the reduction or elimination of support of the Apache Hadoop Project or the Apache NiFi Project by the Apache
Software Foundation, migration of Hadoop technology or NiFi technology to an organization other than the Apache Software Foundation, or any other actions taken by the Apache Software Foundation or the Apache Hadoop Project or the Apache NiFi Project
that may impact our business model;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in customers&#146; budgets and in the timing of their purchasing decisions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the collectability of receivables from customers and resellers, which may be hindered or delayed if these
customers or resellers experience financial distress; and   


 
&#149;
 
 general economic conditions, both domestically and internationally, as well as economic conditions
specifically affecting industries in which our customers participate.  Many of these factors are outside of our control,
and the variability and unpredictability of such factors could result in our failing to meet or exceed our financial expectations for a given period. We believe that
quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue, results of operations and cash flows may not necessarily be indicative of our future performance.
CONTENT_27:

CONTENT_28:
Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the resource-intensive nature
of our sales efforts, the length and variability of the sales cycle of our support subscription offerings and the difficulty in making short-term adjustments to our operating expenses. Our results of operations depend in part on sales to large
support subscription customers and increasing sales to existing customers. The length of our sales cycle from initial evaluation to payment for our support subscription offerings is generally six to nine months, but can vary substantially from
customer to customer. Our sales cycle can extend to more than a year for some customers. It is difficult to predict exactly when, or even if, we will make a sale to a potential customer or if we can increase sales to our existing customers. As a
result, large individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. The loss or delay of one or more large transactions in a quarter could impact our results of operations for
that quarter and any future quarters for which revenue from that transaction is lost or delayed. As a result of these factors, it is difficult for us to forecast our revenue accurately in any quarter. Because a substantial proportion of our expenses
are relatively fixed in the short term, our results of operations will suffer if revenue falls below our expectations in a particular quarter, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
   18 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:
We have increased our number of full-time employees to approximately 1,080 as of December 31, 2016 from approximately 850 at
December 31, 2015, and have increased our revenue to $184.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2016 from $121.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2015. Our recent growth and expansion has placed, and our anticipated
growth may continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational, financial and other resources. We intend to continue to expand our overall business, customer base, headcount and operations. Continued growth
increases the challenges involved in:   


 
&#149;
 
 recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled technical, marketing, sales and management personnel;
  


 
&#149;
 
 preserving our culture, values and entrepreneurial environment; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 developing and securing our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial,
operational, compliance, recordkeeping, communications and other internal systems;   


 
&#149;
 
 managing our international operations and the risks associated therewith; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 maintaining high levels of satisfaction with our solutions among our customers; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 effectively managing expenses related to any future growth. 
If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer.
CONTENT_31:

CONTENT_32:
Our ability to increase the adoption of our Connected Data Platforms, increase sales of support subscription offerings and professional
services and grow our business depends on the increased adoption of big data services and applications by enterprises. While we believe that big data services and applications can offer a compelling value proposition to many enterprises, the broad
adoption of big data applications and services also presents challenges to enterprises, including developing the internal expertise and infrastructure to manage big data applications and services effectively, coordinating multiple data sources,
defining a big data strategy that delivers an appropriate return on investment and implementing an information technology infrastructure and architecture that enables the efficient deployment of big data solutions. Accordingly, our expectations
regarding the potential for future growth in the market for big data applications and services, and the third-party growth estimates for this market in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are subject to
significant uncertainty. If the market for big data applications and services does not grow as expected, our business prospects may be adversely affected. Even if the market for big data applications and services increases, we cannot be sure that
our business will grow at a similar rate, or at all.
CONTENT_33:

CONTENT_34:
One of the characteristics of open source software is that anyone may modify and redistribute the existing open source software and use it to
compete in the marketplace. Such competition can develop without the degree of overhead and lead time required by traditional proprietary software companies. It is possible for competitors with greater resources than ours to develop their own open
source software, including software based on one or more components of Hadoop, NiFi, HDP or HDF, potentially reducing the demand for our solutions and putting price pressure on our support subscription offerings and our professional services. We
cannot guarantee that we will be 
   19 




Table of Contents

 
able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or that competitive pressure or the availability of new open source software will not result in price reductions, reduced
operating margins and loss of market share, any one of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
CONTENT_35:

CONTENT_36:

CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:

CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:
We generally recognize
subscription revenue from support subscription customers ratably over the term of their subscription agreements, which are generally 12 months, with some support subscription customers having 
   20 




Table of Contents

 
subscription agreements with longer multi-year terms. As a result, much of the revenue we report in each quarter is derived from deferred revenue from subscription agreements entered into during
previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in the value of new support subscription agreements entered into within any one quarter, will not necessarily be fully reflected in the revenue we record for that quarter and will harm our revenue in future
quarters. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to reflect this reduced revenue. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our services may not be fully reflected in our results of
operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new support subscription customers is recognized over the applicable
subscription term.
CONTENT_41:

CONTENT_42:
Once our Connected Data Platforms are deployed, our support subscription
customers depend on our software support organization to resolve technical issues relating to the deployment. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in support subscription customer demand for support
subscription offerings. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support subscription offerings to compete with changes in offerings provided by our competitors. Increased support subscription customer demand for our support subscription
offerings, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and harm our results of operations. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our business reputation and on positive references from our existing support subscription
customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality support subscription offerings, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support subscription offerings, could harm our reputation, our ability to sell our support subscription
offerings to existing and prospective support subscription customers and our results of operations.
CONTENT_43:

CONTENT_44:
Any failure by us to comply with the specific provisions in our customer
contracts could result in various negative outcomes, which may include litigation, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits and suspension of payments. Further, any negative publicity related to our customer contracts or any proceedings
surrounding them, regardless of its accuracy, may damage our business and affect our ability to compete for new contracts. If our customer contracts are terminated, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed.
CONTENT_45:

CONTENT_46:
Despite our testing procedures, errors,
including security vulnerabilities or incompatibilities with third-party software and hardware, have been and may continue to be found in HDP or HDF after deployment. This risk is increased by the fact that much of the code in HDP and HDF is
developed by independent parties over whom we may not exercise supervision or control. If errors are discovered, we may have to make significant expenditures of capital and devote significant technical resources to analyze, correct, eliminate or
manage them, and we may not be able to successfully do so in a timely manner, or at all. Errors and failures in HDP or HDF could result in a loss of, or delay in, market acceptance of our enterprise technologies, loss of existing or potential
customers and delayed or lost revenue and could damage our reputation and our ability to convince enterprise users of the benefits of HDP, HDF and our other offerings. 
In addition, errors in HDP or HDF could cause system failures, loss of data or other adverse effects for our customers who may assert warranty
and other claims for substantial damages against us. Furthermore, the mere allegation of such errors and adverse effects could expose us to warranty and other claims for substantial damages. Although our agreements with our customers often contain
provisions that seek to limit our exposure to such claims, it is possible that these provisions may not be effective or enforceable under the laws of some jurisdictions or may not significantly limit our exposure to certain claims. While we seek to
insure against these 
   21 




Table of Contents

 
types of claims, our insurance policies may not adequately limit our exposure to such claims or may not apply to certain claims. These claims, even if unsuccessful, could be costly and time
consuming to defend and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
CONTENT_47:

CONTENT_48:
Our Connected Data Platforms are deployed in a wide variety of technology environments, including in large-scale, complex technology
environments, and we believe our future success will depend at least in part on our ability to support such deployments. Hadoop and NiFi are technically very complicated, and it is not easy to maximize the value of our offerings without proper
implementation and training. We often must assist our customers in achieving successful implementations for large, complex deployments. If our customers are unable to implement our Connected Data Platforms successfully, or in a timely manner,
customer perceptions of our company and our offerings may be impaired, our reputation and brand may suffer, and customers may choose not to renew their subscriptions or increase their purchases of our support subscription offerings or professional
services.  Our customers and partners may need training in the proper use of and the variety of benefits that can be derived from our
Connected Data Platforms to maximize their potential. Our Connected Data Platforms may perform inadequately if they are not implemented or used correctly or as intended. The incorrect or improper implementation or use of our product offerings, our
failure to train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our Connected Data Platforms, or our failure to provide effective support subscription offerings or professional services to our customers, may result in negative publicity or
legal claims against us. Also, as we continue to expand our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services will likely result in lost opportunities for follow-on sales of our support
subscription offerings and professional services.
CONTENT_49:

CONTENT_50:
Our website and internal technology infrastructure may experience
performance issues due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website or third-party hosting or cloud computing disruptions or capacity constraints due to a number of potential causes, including
technical failures, natural disasters or fraud or security attacks. If our security is compromised, our website is unavailable or our users are unable to download our tools or order support subscription offerings or professional services within a
reasonable amount of time or at all, our business could be harmed. We expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve website performance and to enable rapid releases of new features and applications for our Connected Data
Platforms. To the extent that we do not effectively upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and results of operations may
be harmed.  In addition, we rely on SaaS technologies from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including
financial management services from NetSuite Inc., customer relationship management services from salesforce.com, inc. and lead generation management services from Marketo, Inc. If these services become unavailable due to extended outages or
interruptions or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage our finances could be interrupted, our processes for managing sales of our support subscription
offerings and professional services and supporting our customers could be impaired, and our ability to generate and manage sales leads could be weakened until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained and implemented, all of which
could harm our business and results of operations. 
   22 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_51:

CONTENT_52:
Our success depends
largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key employees, including many Hadoop committers. We rely on our leadership team in the areas of research and development, operations, security, marketing, sales, support and
general and administrative functions, and on individual contributors in our research and development. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt
our business. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers or other key personnel that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time.
The loss of one or more of our key employees or executive officers could harm our business.  In addition, to execute our growth plan, we
must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for such personnel in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters is located, and in other locations where we maintain offices, is intense, especially for experienced sales
professionals and for engineers experienced in designing and developing software and Apache Hadoop applications. The Apache Hadoop Project relies on Hadoop committers for the project&#146;s technical management. While we currently employ a large
number of Hadoop core committers and innovators, one becomes a committer by invitation only. As a result, the market to hire such individuals is very competitive. If our employees who are Hadoop core committers terminate their employment with us, we
could lose our ability to innovate the core open source technology, define the roadmap for the future of Hadoop, distribute predictable and reliable enterprise quality releases and provide comprehensive support to our customers. We have, from time
to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have.
If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. Finally, job candidates and
existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, it may harm our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. If we
fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed.
CONTENT_53:

CONTENT_54:
We continue to be substantially dependent on our sales force to obtain new
customers and to drive additional use cases among our existing customers. We believe that there is significant competition for sales personnel, including enterprise sales representatives, sales engineers and professional services employees, with the
skills and technical knowledge that we require. In particular, there is significant demand for sales engineers with Hadoop expertise. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting,
training and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth. Recent changes to our sales leadership could adversely affect our ability to do so, which could have a negative impact on our sales productivity or sales execution.
New hires require significant training and may take significant time before they achieve full productivity. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient
numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. In addition, as we continue to grow rapidly, a large percentage of our sales force will have relatively little experience working with us, our support
subscription offerings and our business model. If we are unable to hire and train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, or our sales personnel are not successful in obtaining new customers or increasing sales to our existing customer
base, our business would be harmed.
CONTENT_55:

CONTENT_56:
We periodically adjust our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes,
product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales 
   23 




Table of Contents

 
headcount, cost levels and other internal and external considerations. Any such future sales organization changes may result in a temporary reduction of productivity, which could negatively
affect our rate of growth. In addition, any significant change to the way we structure our compensation of our sales organization may be disruptive and may affect our revenue growth.
CONTENT_57:

CONTENT_58:
Our future results depend, in part, on our ability to expand into international markets. We also have a number of distributor and
reseller relationships for our support subscription offerings and professional services in international markets. Our ability to expand internationally will depend upon our ability to deliver functionality and foreign language translations that
reflect the needs of the international clients that we target. Our ability to expand internationally involves various risks, including the need to invest significant resources in such expansion, and the possibility that returns on such investments
will not be achieved in the near future or at all in these less familiar competitive environments. We may also choose to conduct our international business through strategic alliances. If we are unable to identify strategic alliance partners or
negotiate favorable alliance terms, our international growth may be harmed. In addition, we have incurred and may continue to incur significant expenses in advance of generating material revenue as we attempt to establish our presence in particular
international markets.  Expanding our business internationally will also require significant attention from our management and will
require us to add additional management and other resources in these markets. Our ability to expand our business, attract talented employees and enter into strategic alliances in an increasing number of international markets requires considerable
management attention and resources and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, regulatory systems,
commercial infrastructures and technology infrastructure. If we are unable to grow our international operations in a timely manner, we may incur additional losses and our revenue growth could be harmed.
CONTENT_59:

CONTENT_60:
We principally sell our offerings through sales personnel in the United States, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Dubai, France, Germany,
India, Ireland, Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Korea, Sweden and the United Kingdom and currently have operations in the United States, Australia, Chile, Hungary, India, Ireland and the United Kingdom. We also have development teams in
Hungary, India and Ukraine and a number of distributor and reseller relationships for our support subscription offerings and our professional services in other international markets. Conducting international operations subjects us to risks that we
have not generally faced in the United States. These risks include:   


 
&#149;
 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 potentially different pricing environments and longer sales cycles; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in managing the staffing of international operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value-added tax systems,
restrictions on the repatriation of earnings and changes in tax rates;   


 
&#149;
 
 dependence on strategic alliance partners to increase client acquisition; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and different legal standards;
  


 
&#149;
 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
   24 




Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 political, social and economic instability abroad, such as the United Kingdom&#146;s referendum in June 2016
in which voters approved an exit from the European Union and instability in Ukraine (where we have a development team);   


 
&#149;
 
 laws and business practices favoring local competitors; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in staffing due to immigration or travel restrictions imposed by national governments;
  


 
&#149;
 
 terrorist attacks and security concerns in general; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries. 
The occurrence of any one of these risks could harm our international business and, consequently, our results of operations. Additionally,
operating in international markets requires significant management attention and financial resources. We cannot be certain that the investment and additional resources required to operate in other countries will produce desired levels of revenue or
profitability.
CONTENT_61:

CONTENT_62:
As part of our ongoing business strategy to expand our suite of solutions and acquire new technology, from time to time we engage in
discussions with third parties regarding, and enter into agreements relating to, possible acquisitions, strategic alliances and joint ventures. For example, in April 2015, we acquired SequenceIQ Hungary Kft. (&#147;SequenceIQ&#148;), an open source
provider of rapid deployment tools for Hadoop, located in Budapest, Hungary, and in August 2015, we acquired Onyara, a key contributor to Apache NiFi. There may be significant competition for acquisition targets in our industry, or we may not be
able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, negotiate attractive terms for acquisitions or complete acquisitions on expected timelines, or at all. If we are unable to complete strategic acquisitions or do not realize the expected benefits of
the acquisitions we do complete, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be harmed.  Even if we are
able to complete acquisitions or enter into alliances and joint ventures that we believe will be successful, such transactions are inherently risky. Significant risks associated with these transactions, include: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 failing to achieve anticipated synergies, including with respect to complementary software or services;
  


 
&#149;
 
 losing key employees of the acquired businesses; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 integration and restructuring costs, both one-time and ongoing;
  


 
&#149;
 
 maintaining sufficient controls, policies and procedures, including around integration and accounting for
acquisition-related expenses;   


 
&#149;
 
 diversion of management&#146;s attention from ongoing business operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 establishing new informational, operational and financial systems to meet the needs of our business;
  


 
&#149;
 
 our inability to maintain the key business relationships and the reputations of the businesses we acquire;
  


 
&#149;
 
 uncertainty of entry into markets in which we have limited or no prior experience and in which competitors
have stronger market positions;   


 
&#149;
 
 our dependence on unfamiliar affiliates and partners of the companies we acquire; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 insufficient revenue to offset our increased expenses associated with acquisitions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 potentially incurring accounting charges as we transition an acquired company to our open source business
model; 
   25 




Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 our responsibility for the liabilities of the businesses we acquire; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 unanticipated and unknown liabilities. 
If we are not successful in completing acquisitions in the future or do not realize the expected benefits of the acquisitions we do complete,
we may be required to reevaluate our acquisition strategy. We also may incur substantial expenses and devote significant management time and resources in seeking to complete acquisitions, some of which may ultimately not be consummated or not result
in expected benefits. The occurrence of any of these acquisition-related risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
CONTENT_63:

CONTENT_64:

CONTENT_65:

CONTENT_66:

CONTENT_67:

CONTENT_68:
Companies in the software and technology industries,
including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property
rights. In addition, many of these companies can dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights, and to defend claims that may be brought against them, than we can. We have received, and we and the Apache
Hadoop Project and the Apache NiFi Project may in the future receive, notices that claim we have misappropriated, misused, or infringed other parties&#146; intellectual property rights, and, to the extent Hadoop or NiFi gains greater market

   26 




Table of Contents

 
visibility, we, the Apache Hadoop Project and the Apache NiFi Project, as applicable, face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. In addition, we could
be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software.  Any intellectual property
infringement claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming, could be expensive to settle or litigate and could divert our management&#146;s attention and other resources. These claims could also subject us to significant liability for
damages, potentially including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights. These claims could also result in our having to stop using technology found to be in violation of a third-party&#146;s rights. We might
be required to seek a license for the intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Even if a license were available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses.
As a result, we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense. Any of these results would harm our business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows.
CONTENT_69:

CONTENT_70:
We collect and utilize certain demographic
and other information, including personally identifiable information, from and about our employees and our users (such as customers, potential customers and others). Such information may be collected from our users when they visit our website or
elect to use our support tools, or when users provide personal information to us in many contexts such as when signing up for certain services, registering for seminars, participating in a survey, connecting with other users and Hadoop and NiFi
experts in our forums, participating in Hortonworks University classes, participating in polls or signing up to receive e-mail newsletters. 
Within the United States, various federal and state laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of the
data we receive from and about employees and users. Outside of the United States, various jurisdictions actively regulate and enforce laws regarding the collection, retention, transfer and use (including loss and unauthorized access) of data and
personal information. Privacy advocates and government bodies have increasingly scrutinized the ways in which companies link personal identities and data associated with particular users or devices with data collected through the internet, and we
expect such scrutiny to continue to increase. In 2016, the European Commission adopted a new framework, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, which provides a mechanism for companies to transfer data from EU member
states to the United States This and other mechanisms are likely to be reviewed by European courts, which may lead to uncertainty about transfers of personal data from EU member states to the United States. Also in 2016, the EU adopted a new law
governing data practices and privacy called the General Data Protection Regulation (the &#147;GDPR&#148;), which becomes effective in May 2018. We are currently assessing the impact of the EU-U.S. Privacy
Shield and the GDPR on our operations. Loss, retention or misuse of certain information and alleged violations of laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security, and any relevant claims, may expose us to potential liability and may
require us to expend significant resources on data security and in responding to and defending such allegations and claims.
CONTENT_71:

CONTENT_72:
Any security breach, unauthorized access, unauthorized usage, virus or similar breach or disruption could result in the loss of confidential
information, loss of confidence in the security of our services, damage to our reputation, early termination of our contracts, litigation, regulatory investigations, disruption of our business or other liabilities. If our, our customers&#146;, our
partners&#146;, our third-party data center hosting facilities&#146; or cloud computing platform providers&#146; security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise and, as a result, someone
obtains unauthorized access to data, our reputation will be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. 
   27 




Table of Contents

 Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and
generally are not recognized until launched against a target. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived security breach occurs, the market perception of our
security measures could be harmed, and we could lose sales and customers. Any significant violations of data privacy could result in the loss of business, litigation and regulatory investigations and penalties that could damage our reputation and
adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, if a high-profile security breach occurs with respect to another Hadoop or NiFi provider, our customers and potential customers may lose trust in the security of Hadoop-
or NiFi-based solutions generally, which could adversely impact our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones.
CONTENT_73:

CONTENT_74:
Our customers and potential customers conduct business in a
variety of industries, including financial services, healthcare, telecommunications and public sector. Regulators in certain industries have adopted and may in the future adopt regulations or interpretive positions regarding the use of cloud-based
solutions. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, industry-specific laws, regulations and interpretive positions may limit our customers&#146; use and adoption of our services. Compliance with these regulations may also require
us to devote greater resources to support certain customers, which may increase costs and lengthen sales cycles. Further, if we are unable to comply with these regulations, our business may be harmed. In addition, an inability to satisfy the
standards of certain voluntary third-party certification bodies that our customers may expect could have an adverse impact on our business and results. 
In some cases, industry-specific laws, regulations, standards or interpretive positions may also apply directly to us as a service provider.
Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business.
CONTENT_75:

CONTENT_76:
Current or future economic downturns could harm our business and
results of operations. Negative conditions in the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from financial and credit market fluctuations and terrorist attacks in the United States, Europe or elsewhere,
could cause a decrease in corporate spending on enterprise software in general and slow down the rate of growth of our business. In particular, the recent decision by voters in the United Kingdom to leave the European Union has and may continue to
have significant and wide-ranging economic impacts across multiple markets we serve.  General worldwide economic conditions have
experienced, and in the future may experience, a significant downturn. These conditions make it extremely difficult for our customers and us to forecast and plan future business activities accurately, and they could cause our customers to reevaluate
their decision to purchase our offerings, which could delay and lengthen our sales cycles or result in cancellations of planned purchases. Furthermore, during challenging economic times our customers may face issues in gaining timely access to
sufficient credit, which could impair their ability to make timely payments to us. If that were to occur, we may be required to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, which would harm our results of operations. 
We have a significant number of customers in the business services, advertising, financial services, government, healthcare and
pharmaceuticals, high technology, manufacturing, media and entertainment, oil and gas, online services, retail and telecommunications industries. A substantial downturn in any of these industries may cause firms to react to worsening conditions by
reducing their capital expenditures in general or by specifically reducing their spending on information technology. Customers in these industries may delay or cancel information technology projects or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating
vendor contracts. To the extent purchases of our offerings are perceived by customers and potential customers to be discretionary, our revenue may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general information technology spending.
Also, 
   28 




Table of Contents

 
support subscription customers may choose to develop or utilize in-house self-support capabilities as an alternative to purchasing our support subscription
offerings or professional services. Moreover, competitors may respond to market conditions by lowering prices of support subscription offerings. In addition, the increased pace of consolidation in certain industries may result in reduced overall
spending on our support subscription offerings or professional services.  We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any
economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular industry. If the economic conditions of the general economy or industries in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows could be harmed.
CONTENT_77:

CONTENT_78:
The agreements governing our revolving credit facility contain a number of restrictive covenants that
impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest, including restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, acquisitions, mergers, disposition of
property or assets, dividends and other distributions, changes to the nature of the business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds, amendments to organizational documents, and prepayment of certain debt. 
In addition, the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our revolving credit facility require us to maintain specified financial
ratios and satisfy other financial condition tests. Our ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond our control, and we may be unable to meet them. 
A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the agreements governing our revolving credit facility could result in an event of default.
Such a default would affect the availability of the revolving credit facility. It may also allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default
provision applies. In the event our lenders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness and, even if we do, we would no longer have access to that capital. As a result
of these restrictions, we may be limited in how we conduct business, unable to raise additional debt or equity financing, or unable to compete effectively or take advantage of new business opportunities.
CONTENT_79:

CONTENT_80:
We and our subsidiaries may incur significant indebtedness in the future, whether under our revolving
credit facility or otherwise. Although the agreements governing our revolving credit facility contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the
additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial.
CONTENT_81:

CONTENT_82:
We intend to continue to make
investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or otherwise enhance HDP, HDF or our other technologies, improve our operating infrastructure
or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our
existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could
involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational 
   29 




Table of Contents

 
matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional
financing on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms that are satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to
business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be harmed.
CONTENT_83:

CONTENT_84:
Under U.S. GAAP, we review our amortizable
intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances
indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates and slower growth rates in our industry. We may
be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, which could harm our results of operations.
CONTENT_85:

CONTENT_86:
As of December 31, 2016, we had federal, state and local and foreign tax net operating loss carryforwards (&#147;NOLs&#148;) of
$381.0 million, $320.2 million and $0.1 million, respectively, due to prior period losses. In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;), a corporation that undergoes an
&#147;ownership change&#148; is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its NOLs to offset future taxable income. Our existing NOLs may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, including in connection with our
initial public offering (&#147;IPO&#148;), concurrent private placement or follow-on offering, and if we undergo an ownership change in the future, our ability to utilize NOLs could be further limited by
Section 382 of the Code. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may
acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. There is also a risk that, due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs, or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset
future income tax liabilities. For these reasons, we may not be able to realize a tax benefit from the use of our NOLs, whether or not we attain profitability.
CONTENT_87:

CONTENT_88:
Some of our customers and other business partners are affiliated
with certain of our directors or hold shares of our capital stock, or both. For example, we have entered into strategic relationships and/or customer relationships with Yahoo! and Red Hat, Inc. (&#147;Red Hat&#148;). Our directors Jay
Rossiter and Paul Cormier are employees of Yahoo! and Red Hat, respectively, and Yahoo! is one of our stockholders. We believe that the transactions and agreements that we have entered into with related parties are on terms that are at least as
favorable as could reasonably have been obtained at such time from third parties. However, these relationships could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when our Board of Directors is faced with decisions that could have
different implications for us and these other parties or their affiliates. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise between us and these other parties and their affiliates. The appearance of conflicts, even if such conflicts do not materialize,
might adversely affect the public&#146;s perception of us, as well as our relationship with other companies and our ability to enter into new relationships in the future, including with competitors of such related parties, which could harm our
business and results of operations. 
   30 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_89:

CONTENT_90:
Our corporate headquarters are located in Santa Clara, California, and we utilize data centers that are located in North America. Additionally,
we rely on our network and third-party infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems and our website for our development, marketing, operational support, hosted services and sales activities. The West Coast of the United
States contains active earthquake zones. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane, or catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, cyber-attack, war, or terrorist attack, we may be unable to continue our operations
and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our application development, extended interruptions in our Connected Data Platforms, breaches of data security and loss of critical data, all of which could harm our future results of
operations.
CONTENT_91:

CONTENT_92:
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#147;Sarbanes Oxley Act&#148;)
requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over
financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. A report of our management is included under Item 9A&#151;&#147;Controls and Procedures&#148; of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. During its evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, management identified a material weakness related to the control surrounding the
recognition of revenue and deferred revenue for a subset of non-standard license transactions where post-contract support renewal rates were stated upon commencement of the arrangement. Our findings were
related to the design effectiveness of this control. Each of the aforementioned transactions originated prior to our establishment and formalization of Section 404 internal controls at the Company in July 2015. A secondary review of these
specific agreements was not performed at a sufficiently detailed level to detect errors in recognition of revenue and deferred revenue related to these arrangements. With the oversight of management and our Audit Committee, we initiated actions to
address the root causes of the material weakness identified, and our management has since determined that the applicable controls are designed and operating effectively. As such, management has concluded that the material weakness previously
identified was remediated as of December 31, 2016. There can be no assurance, however, that additional or other control deficiencies will not be identified in the future. If we continue to experience a material weakness in our internal
controls or fail to maintain or implement required new or improved controls, such circumstances could cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements, or adversely affect
the results of periodic management evaluations and annual auditor attestation reports when such report is required. Each of the foregoing results could cause stockholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information and lead to a decline
in our stock price. See Item 9A&#151;&#147;Controls and Procedures&#148; for more information.
CONTENT_93:

CONTENT_94:

CONTENT_95:
The trading price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be,
volatile and could fluctuate widely regardless of our operating performance. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to
meet these projections;   


 
&#149;
 
 failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates
and publication of other news by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
   31 




Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 ratings changes by any securities analysts who follow our company; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic
partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those
in our industry in particular;   


 
&#149;
 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time, including as a result of trends
in the economy as a whole;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors&#146; businesses or the competitive
landscape generally;   


 
&#149;
 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or our offerings, or third-party proprietary
rights;   


 
&#149;
 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors;
  


 
&#149;
 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws, or regulations applicable to our business;
  


 
&#149;
 
 any major change in our Board of Directors or management; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these
events.  In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and
continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. Stock prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In
particular, the trading price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly in recent periods. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. A securities class action was
instituted against us in February 2016, and the parties recently agreed in principle to a class-wide settlement subject to court approval. This and other securities litigation may subject us to substantial costs, may divert resources and the
attention of management from operating our business and may harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
CONTENT_96:

CONTENT_97:
As of March 8, 2017, our directors, officers, five percent
or greater stockholders, and their respective affiliates beneficially owned in the aggregate approximately 35 percent of our outstanding voting stock. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For
example, these stockholders will be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited
acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 
   32 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_98:

CONTENT_99:

CONTENT_100:

CONTENT_101:

CONTENT_102:

CONTENT_103:

CONTENT_104:

CONTENT_105:
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings
for the development, operation and expansion of our business, and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our stock price,
which may never occur.
CONTENT_106:

CONTENT_107:
The trading market for our common stock depends in part on
the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If few securities analysts cover us, or if industry analysts cease coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively affected.
If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to
publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline.
CONTENT_108:

CONTENT_109:

CONTENT_110:

CONTENT_111:

