HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
If we cannot continue to develop, market and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer requirements, our operating results could suffer.
HEADER_3:
Introduction of new products, services and business models by competitors or others could harm our competitive position and results of operations.
HEADER_4:
We may be unable to predict subscription renewal rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenue and operating results. 
HEADER_5:
Subscription offerings and ETLAs could create risks related to the timing of revenue recognition.
HEADER_6:
If we fail to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets, our results of operations could suffer.
HEADER_7:
Uncertainty about current and future economic conditions and other adverse changes in general political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our operating results. 
HEADER_8:
Certain of our enterprise offerings have extended and complex sales cycles, which can make our sales cycles unpredictable.
HEADER_9:
Security vulnerabilities in our products and systems could lead to reduced revenue or to liability claims.
HEADER_10:
Some of our lines of business rely on us or our third-party service providers to host and deliver services and data, and any interruptions or delays in these hosted services, security or privacy breaches, or failures in data collection could expose us to liability and harm our business and reputation.
HEADER_11:
Changes in accounting principles, or interpretations thereof, could have a significant impact on our financial position and results of operations.
HEADER_12:
We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions, and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and management.
HEADER_13:
The success of certain of our product and service offerings depends on our ability to continue to attract and retain customers of and contributors to our online marketplaces for creative content.
HEADER_14:
We may incur substantial costs enforcing or acquiring intellectual property rights and defending against third-party claims as a result of litigation or other proceedings.
HEADER_15:
Our intellectual property portfolio is a valuable asset and we may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, including our source code, from infringement or unauthorized copying, use or disclosure.
HEADER_16:
Increasing regulatory focus on privacy issues and expanding laws and regulations could impact our business models and expose us to increased liability.
HEADER_17:
Failure to manage our sales and distribution channels and third-party customer service and technical support providers effectively could result in a loss of revenue and harm to our business.
HEADER_18:
If we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel, our business may be harmed.
HEADER_19:
Changes in tax rules and regulations, or interpretations thereof, may adversely affect our effective tax rates.
HEADER_20:
We may incur losses associated with currency fluctuations and may not be able to effectively hedge our exposure.
HEADER_21:
If we fail to process transactions effectively, our revenue and earnings may be harmed.
HEADER_22:
Net revenue, margin or earnings shortfalls or the volatility of the market generally may cause the market price of our stock to decline.
HEADER_23:
We are subject to risks associated with compliance with laws and regulations globally which may harm our business.
HEADER_24:
We face various risks associated with our operating as a multinational corporation.
HEADER_25:
 of notes in debt offerings and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. 
HEADER_26:
If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, then we could be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 
HEADER_27:
Catastrophic events may disrupt our business.
HEADER_28:
Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
HEADER_29:
Our investment portfolio may become impaired by deterioration of the financial markets.
