CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:
On
September 21, 2014, we entered into the Merger Agreement with Viasystems and Merger Sub, pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Viasystems, with Viasystems surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of our company. This
transaction and any other acquisitions we may pursue in the future involve numerous risks. As part of our business strategy, we expect that we will continue to grow by pursuing acquisitions of businesses, technologies, assets, or product lines that
complement or expand our business. Risks related to an acquisition may include:   


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to successfully integrate acquired operations and businesses or to realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale, or other
expected value;   


 
&#149;
 
 diversion of management&#146;s attention from normal daily operations of our existing business to focus on integration of the newly acquired business;
  


 
&#149;
 
 unforeseen expenses associated with the integration of the newly acquired business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in managing production and coordinating operations at new sites; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential loss of key employees of acquired operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to retain existing customers of acquired companies when we desire to do so; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 insufficient revenues to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential decrease in overall gross margins associated with acquiring a business with a different product mix; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the inability to identify certain unrecorded liabilities; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential need to restructure, modify, or terminate customer relationships of the acquired company; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 an increased concentration of business from existing or new customers; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to identify assets best suited to our business plan. 
Acquisitions may cause us to:   


 
&#149;
 
 enter lines of business and/or markets in which we have limited or no prior experience; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 issue debt and be required to abide by stringent loan covenants; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 assume liabilities; record goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing and potential periodic impairment
charges; 
   15 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 become subject to litigation and environmental issues, which include product material content certifications; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 incur unanticipated costs;   


 
&#149;
 
 incur large and immediate write-offs; and   


 
&#149;
 
 incur substantial transaction-related costs, whether or not a proposed acquisition is consummated. 
Acquisitions of high technology companies are inherently risky, and no assurance can be given that our recent or future acquisitions will
be successful and will not harm our business, operating results, or financial condition. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions we make could harm our business and operating results in a material way. Even when an acquired company
has already developed and marketed products, product enhancements may not be made in a timely fashion. In addition, unforeseen issues might arise with respect to such products after the acquisition.
CONTENT_4:

CONTENT_5:
A portion of our cash and other current assets is held in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As of December 29, 2014, we had an aggregate of approximately $207.4 million in current assets
denominated in Chinese Renminbi (RMB) and the Hong Kong Dollar (HKD). Changes in exchange rates among other currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect the value of these assets as translated to U.S. dollars in our balance sheet. To the extent that
we ultimately decide to repatriate some portion of these funds to the United States, the actual value transferred could be impacted by movements in exchange rates. Any such type of movement could negatively impact the amount of cash available to
fund operations or to repay debt. Significant inflation or disproportionate changes in foreign exchange rates could occur as a result of general economic conditions, acts of war or terrorism, changes in governmental monetary or tax policy, or
changes in local interest rates. The impact of future exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the RMB and the U.S. dollar and the HKD cannot be predicted. To the extent that we may have outstanding indebtedness denominated
in the U.S. dollar or in the HKD, the depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar or the HKD will have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations (including the cost of servicing, and the value in our
balance sheet of, the U.S. dollar and HKD-denominated indebtedness). Further, China&#146;s government imposes controls over the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies, which subjects us to further currency exchange risk.
CONTENT_6:

CONTENT_7:
We manufacture products to our customers&#146; specifications, which are highly complex
and may contain design or manufacturing errors or failures, despite our quality control and quality assurance efforts. Defects in the products we manufacture, whether caused by a design, manufacturing, or materials failure or error, may result in
delayed shipments, customer dissatisfaction, a reduction or cancellation of purchase orders, or liability claims against us. If these defects occur either in large quantities or too frequently, our business reputation may be impaired. Since our
products are used in products that are integral to our customers&#146; businesses, errors, defects, or other performance problems could result in financial or other damages to our customers beyond the cost of the PCB, for which we may be liable.
Although our invoices and sales arrangements generally contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to product liability and related claims, existing or future laws or unfavorable judicial decisions could negate these limitation of liability
provisions. Over the last two years, we have incurred charges, after giving effect to indemnity payments from one of our suppliers, in excess of $8.0 million, relating to a product warranty claim with one of our customers. See &#147;&#151; We depend
upon a relatively small number of OEM customers for a large portion of our sales, and a decline in sales to major customers could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.&#148; 
In addition, after the consummation of the Merger, we expect to manufacture products for a range of automotive customers. If any of our
products are or are alleged to be defective, we may be required to participate in a recall of such products. As suppliers become more integral to the vehicle design process and assume more of 

   16 





Table of Contents

 
the vehicle assembly functions, vehicle manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contributions when faced with product liability claims or recalls. In addition, vehicle
manufacturers, which have traditionally borne the costs associated with warranty programs offered on their vehicles, are increasingly requiring suppliers to guarantee or warrant their products and may seek to hold us responsible for some or all of
the costs related to the repair and replacement of parts supplied by us to the vehicle manufacturer.  Product liability
litigation against us, even if unsuccessful, is time consuming and costly to defend. Although we maintain technology errors and omissions insurance, we cannot assure investors that we will continue to be able to purchase such insurance coverage in
the future on terms that are satisfactory to us, if at all, or that insurance will cover the specific defect issues that arise.
CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:
A majority of our revenue is generated from the electronics industry, which is characterized by intense competition,
relatively short product life cycles, and significant fluctuations in product demand. The industry is subject to economic cycles and recessionary periods. Due to the uncertainty in the end markets served by most of our customers, we have a low level
of visibility with respect to future financial results. Consequently, our past operating results, earnings, and cash flows may not be indicative of our future operating results, earnings, and cash flows.
CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:
A small
number of customers is responsible for a significant portion of our sales. Our five largest OEM customers accounted for approximately 44%, 41%, and 33% of our net sales for the years ended December 29, 2014, December 30, 2013, and
December 31, 2012, respectively, and one customer represented 21% of our sales for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2014. Sales attributed to OEMs include both direct sales as well as sales that the OEMs place through EMS providers. Our
customer concentration could fluctuate, depending on future customer requirements, which will depend in large part on market conditions in the electronics industry segments in which our customers participate. The loss of one or more significant
customers or a decline in sales to our significant customers would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we generate significant accounts receivable in connection with providing
manufacturing services to our customers. If one or more of our significant customers were to become insolvent or were otherwise unable to pay for the manufacturing services provided by us, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
would be materially adversely affected.  In addition, during industry downturns, we may need to reduce prices to limit the
level of order losses, and we may be unable to collect payments from our customers. There can be no assurance that key customers would not cancel orders, that they would continue to place orders with us in the future at the same levels as
experienced by us in prior periods, that they would be able to meet their payment obligations, or that the end-products which use our products would be successful. This concentration of customer base may materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations due to the loss or cancellation of business from any of these key customers, significant changes in scheduled deliveries to any of these customers, or decreases in the prices of the products sold to any
of these customers.
CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:
Given the high fixed costs of our
operations, decreases in capacity utilization rates can have a significant effect on our business. Accordingly, our ability to maintain or enhance gross margins would continue to depend, in part, on maintaining satisfactory capacity utilization
rates. In turn, our ability to maintain satisfactory capacity utilization would depend on the demand for our products, the volume of orders we receive, and our ability to 
   17 





Table of Contents

 
offer products that meet our customers&#146; requirements at competitive prices. If current or future production capacity fails to match current or future customer demands, our facilities would
be underutilized, our sales may not fully cover our fixed overhead expenses, and we would be less likely to achieve expected gross margins. If forecasts and assumptions used to support the realizability of our long-lived assets change in the future,
significant impairment charges could result that would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  In addition, we generally schedule our quick turnaround production facilities at less than full capacity to retain our ability to respond to unexpected additional quick-turn orders. However, if these
orders are not received, we may forego some production and could experience continued excess capacity. If we conclude we have significant, long-term excess capacity, we may decide to permanently close one or more of our facilities and lay off some
of our employees. Closures or lay-offs could result in our recording restructuring charges such as severance, other exit costs, and asset impairments as well as potentially causing disruptions in our ability to supply customers.
CONTENT_14:

CONTENT_15:
Our results of operations fluctuate for a variety of
reasons, including:   


 
&#149;
 
 timing of orders from and shipments to major customers; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the levels at which we utilize our manufacturing capacity; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 price competition;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in our mix of revenues generated from quick-turn versus standard delivery time services; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 expenditures, charges or write-offs, including those related to acquisitions, facility restructurings, or asset impairments; and
  


 
&#149;
 
 expenses relating to expanding existing manufacturing facilities. 
A significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature, and planned expenditures are based in part on anticipated
orders. Accordingly, unexpected revenue shortfalls may decrease our gross margins. In addition, we have experienced sales fluctuations due to seasonal patterns in the capital budgeting and purchasing cycles, as well as inventory management practices
of our customers and the end markets we serve. In particular, the seasonality of the computer and cellular phone industries and quick-turn ordering patterns affect the overall PCB industry. These seasonal trends have caused fluctuations in our
operating results in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. In addition, our future quarterly operating results
may fluctuate and may not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors.
CONTENT_16:

CONTENT_17:
There is uncertainty with respect to rising labor costs, particularly within China,
where we have most of our manufacturing facilities. In recent periods there have been regular and significant increases in the minimum wage payable in various provinces of China. In addition, we have experienced very high employee turnover in our
manufacturing facilities in China, generally after the Chinese New Year, and we are experiencing ongoing difficulty in recruiting employees for these facilities. Furthermore, labor disputes and strikes based partly on wages have in the past slowed
or stopped production by certain manufacturers in China. In some cases, employers have responded by significantly increasing the wages of workers at such plants. Any increase in labor costs due to minimum wage laws or customer requirements about
scheduling and overtime that we are unable to recover in our pricing to our customers could materially adversely affect our operating results. In addition, the high turnover rate and our difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified employees and
the other labor trends we are noting in China could result in a potential for defects in our products or production disruptions or delays or the inability to ramp production to meet increased customer orders, resulting in order cancellation or
imposition of customer penalties if we are unable to timely deliver products. 
   18 





Table of Contents

 To respond to competitive pressures and customer requirements, we may further expand
internationally in lower cost locations. If we pursue such expansions, we may be required to make additional capital expenditures. In addition, the cost structure in certain countries that are now considered to be favorable may increase as economies
develop or as such countries join multinational economic communities or organizations, causing local wages to rise. As a result, we may need to continue to seek new locations with lower costs and the employee and infrastructure base to support PCB
manufacturing. We cannot assure investors that we will realize the anticipated strategic benefits of our international operations or that our international operations will contribute positively to our operating results. 
In our North America operating segment, rising health care costs pose a significant labor-related risk. We work with our insurance brokers
and carriers to control the cost of health care for our employees. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will succeed, especially given recent and pending changes in government oversight of health care.
CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:
Our business is labor intensive, utilizing large numbers of engineering and manufacturing personnel. As of December 29, 2014,
approximately 12,180 of our employees were represented by unions, which accounted for approximately 72% of our work force. These unionized employees are all based in China, where we have significant manufacturing facilities. Strikes or labor
disputes with our unionized employees may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. If we are unable to reach agreement with any of our unionized work groups on future negotiations regarding the terms of their collective bargaining
agreements, we may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages. Any of these events could be disruptive to our operations and could result in negative publicity, loss of contracts, and a decrease in revenues. We may also become subject to
additional collective bargaining agreements in the future if more employees or segments of our workforce become unionized, including any of our employees in the United States. We have not experienced any labor problems resulting in a work stoppage,
except for a brief work stoppage associated with the announcement of the closure of our Suzhou, China facility in September 2013.
CONTENT_20:

CONTENT_21:
We have significant manufacturing operations in Asia, and sales offices located in Asia and Europe, and we continue to consider additional
opportunities to make foreign investments and construct new foreign facilities.  For the year ended December 29, 2014, we
generated 67% of our net sales from non-U.S. operations, and a significant portion of our manufacturing material was provided by international suppliers during this period. As a result, we are subject to risks relating to significant international
operations, including but not limited to:   


 
&#149;
 
 managing international operations;   


 
&#149;
 
 imposition of governmental controls;   


 
&#149;
 
 unstable regulatory environments;   


 
&#149;
 
 compliance with employment laws;   


 
&#149;
 
 implementation of disclosure controls, internal controls, financial reporting systems, and governance standards to comply with U.S. accounting and
securities laws and regulations;   


 
&#149;
 
 limitations on imports or exports of our product offerings; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 fluctuations in the value of local currencies;   


 
&#149;
 
 inflation or changes in political and economic conditions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 labor unrest, rising wages, difficulties in staffing and geographical labor shortages; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 government or political unrest;   


 
&#149;
 
 longer payment cycles;   


 
&#149;
 
 language and communication barriers as well as time zone differences; 
   19 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 cultural differences;   


 
&#149;
 
 increases in duties and taxation levied on our products; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 other potentially adverse tax consequences;   


 
&#149;
 
 imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 travel restrictions;   


 
&#149;
 
 expropriation of private enterprises; and   


 
&#149;
 
 the potential reversal of current favorable policies encouraging foreign investment and trade.
CONTENT_22:

CONTENT_23:
Under its current leadership, the government of China has been pursuing economic reform policies, including the encouragement of foreign
trade and investment and greater economic decentralization. No assurance can be given, however, that the government of China will continue to pursue such policies, that such policies will be successful if pursued, or that such policies will not be
significantly altered from time to time. Despite progress in developing its legal system, China does not have a comprehensive and highly developed system of laws, particularly with respect to foreign investment activities and foreign trade.
Enforcement of existing and future laws and contracts is uncertain, and implementation and interpretation thereof may be inconsistent. As the Chinese legal system develops, the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws and the preemption of
local regulations by national laws may adversely affect foreign investors. Further, any litigation in China may be protracted and may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. In addition, though changes in
government policies and rules are timely published or communicated, there is usually no indication of the duration of any grace period before which full implementation and compliance will be required. As a result, we may operate our business in
violation of new rules and policies before full compliance can be achieved. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us.
CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:
A significant portion of our revenues is derived from
products and services ultimately sold to the U.S. government by our OEM and EMS customers and is therefore affected by, among other things, the federal budget process. We are a supplier, primarily as a subcontractor, to the U.S. government and its
agencies as well as foreign governments and agencies. The contracts between our direct customers and the government end user are subject to political and budgetary constraints and processes, changes in short-range and long-range strategic plans, the
timing of contract awards, the congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes, the government&#146;s ability to terminate contracts for convenience or for default, as well as other risks, such as contractor suspension or debarment in
the event of certain violations of legal and regulatory requirements.  For the year ended December 29, 2014, aerospace and
defense sales accounted for approximately 16% of our total net sales. The substantial majority of these sales are related to both U.S. and foreign military and defense programs. While we do not sell any significant volume of products directly to the
U.S. government, we are a supplier to the U.S. government and its agencies as well as foreign governments and agencies. Consequently, our sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets of the U.S. and foreign governments and may be affected by
federal budget sequestration measures. On December 26, 2013, President Obama signed the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (the &#147;BBA&#148;) into law, which reduced the Department of Defense (DoD) budget uncertainty for fiscal years 2014 and
2015 by increasing Budget Control Act of 2011 spending caps and lowering sequester cuts to the DoD base budget by $22 billion for fiscal year 2014 and $9 billion for fiscal year 2015. Additionally, Congress also increased the 2014 Overseas
Contingency Operations budget by $6 billion more than the amount included in the 2014 Proposed Budget Request. Declines in the DoD budgets reduce funding for some of our revenue arrangements and generally will have a negative impact on our sales,
results of operations, and cash flows. 
   20 





Table of Contents

 The domestic and international threat of terrorist activity, emerging nuclear states and
conventional military threats have led to an increase in demand for defense products and services and homeland security solutions in the recent past. The U.S. government, however, is facing unprecedented budgeting constraints and the U.S. defense
budget is currently declining as a result of budgetary pressures and the wind down of the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. The termination or failure to fund one or more significant contracts by the U.S. government could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  Additionally, the federal government is currently in
the process of reviewing and revising the U.S. Munitions List. Such changes could reduce or eliminate restrictions that currently apply to some of the products we produce. If these regulations or others are changed in a manner that reduces
restrictions on products being manufactured overseas, we would likely face an increase in the number of competitors and increased price competition from overseas manufacturers, who are restricted by the current export laws from manufacturing
products for U.S. defense systems.
CONTENT_26:

CONTENT_27:
A facility security clearance is required in order to be awarded and perform on classified contracts for the DoD and certain other agencies of the U.S. government. As a cleared entity, we must comply with
the requirements of the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM), and any other applicable U.S. government industrial security regulations. Further, due to the fact that a significant portion of our voting equity is owned by a
non-U.S. entity, we are required to be governed by and operate in accordance with the terms and requirements of the Special Security Agreement (the &#147;SSA&#148;). See &#147;Business &#151; National Security Matters.&#148; 
If we were to violate the terms and requirements of the SSA, the NISPOM, or any other applicable U.S. government industrial security
regulations (which may apply to us under the terms of classified contracts), we could lose our security clearance. We cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain our security clearance. If for some reason our security clearance is invalidated
or terminated, we may not be able to continue to perform on classified contracts and would not be able to enter into new classified contracts, which could adversely affect our revenues.
CONTENT_28:

CONTENT_29:
A large percentage of TTM&#146;s business is conducted with customers who are in the telecommunications industry and, after the consummation of the Merger, a large percentage of our business after giving
effect to the Merger is expected to continue to be conducted with such customers. This industry is characterized by intense competition, relatively short product life cycles, and significant fluctuations in product demand. This industry is heavily
dependent on the end markets it serves and therefore can be affected by the demand patterns of those markets. If the volatility in this industry continues, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.
CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:
The PCB industry is intensely competitive, highly fragmented, and rapidly changing. We expect competition to continue, which could result
in price reductions, reduced gross margins, and loss of market share. Our principal PCB and substrate competitors include Unimicron Technology Corp., IBIDEN Co., Ltd., Compeq Manufacturing Co., Ltd., Tripod Technology Corp., ISU Petasys Co., Ltd.,
Viasystems Group, Inc., Sanmina Corporation, Multek Corporation, Wus Printed Circuit Co., Ltd., and AT&amp;S Austria Technologie &amp; Systemtechnik AG. Our principal backplane assembly competitors include Amphenol Corp, Sanmina Corporation,
Viasystems Group, Inc., and TT Electronics PLC. In addition, we increasingly compete on an international basis, and new and emerging technologies may result in new competitors entering our markets. 
   21 





Table of Contents

 Some of our competitors and potential competitors have advantages over us, including:
  


 
&#149;
 
 greater financial and manufacturing resources that can be devoted to the development, production, and sale of their products;
  


 
&#149;
 
 more established and broader sales and marketing channels; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 more manufacturing facilities worldwide, some of which are closer in proximity to OEMs; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 manufacturing facilities that are located in countries with lower production costs; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 lower capacity utilization, which in peak market conditions can result in shorter lead times to customers; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 ability to add additional capacity faster or more efficiently; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 preferred vendor status with existing and potential customers; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 greater name recognition; and   


 
&#149;
 
 larger customer bases.  In addition, these competitors may respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies, or adapt more quickly to changes in customer requirements, than we do. We must continually develop improved
manufacturing processes to meet our customers&#146; needs for complex products, and our manufacturing process technology is generally not subject to significant proprietary protection. During recessionary periods in the electronics industry, our
strategy of providing quick-turn services, an integrated manufacturing solution, and responsive customer service may take on reduced importance to our customers. As a result, we may need to compete more on the basis of price, which would cause our
gross margins to decline.
CONTENT_32:

CONTENT_33:
The market for our manufacturing services is characterized by rapidly changing
technology and continual implementation of new production processes. The future success of our business will depend in large part upon our ability to maintain and enhance our technological capabilities, to manufacture products that meet changing
customer needs, and to successfully anticipate or respond to technological changes on a cost-effective and timely basis. We expect that the investment necessary to maintain our technological position will increase as customers make demands for
products and services requiring more advanced technology on a quicker turnaround basis. For example, in 2015 we expect to continue to make significant capital expenditures to expand our HDI and other advanced manufacturing capabilities. We may not
be able to obtain access to additional sources of funds in order to respond to technological changes as quickly as our competitors.  In addition, the PCB industry could encounter competition from new or revised manufacturing and production technologies that render existing manufacturing and production technology less competitive or
obsolete. We may not respond effectively to the technological requirements of the changing market. If we need new technologies and equipment to remain competitive, the development, acquisition, and implementation of those technologies and equipment
will require us to make significant capital investments.
CONTENT_34:

CONTENT_35:
To
manufacture PCBs, we use raw materials such as laminated layers of fiberglass, copper foil, chemical solutions, gold, and other commodity products, which we order from our suppliers. In the case of backplane assemblies, components include
connectors, sheet metal, capacitors, resistors and diodes, many of which are custom made and controlled by our customers&#146; approved vendors. If raw material and component prices increase, it may reduce our gross margins. 
   22 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_36:

CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:

CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:

CONTENT_41:
We are subject to income
taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and, in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations in which the ultimate
tax determination is uncertain. Our effective tax rates could be materially adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries and states with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred income tax assets and
liabilities, changes in tax laws, as well as other factors. Our tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities, and developments in those audits could adversely affect our income tax provision. Although we believe that our tax
estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes may be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations.
CONTENT_42:

CONTENT_43:
As of December 29, 2014, TTM had net deferred income tax assets of approximately $2.9 million. Based on our forecast for future taxable earnings, we believe we will utilize the deferred income tax
assets in future 
   23 





Table of Contents

 
periods. However, if our estimates of future earnings decline, we may have to increase our valuation allowance against our net deferred income tax assets, resulting in a higher income tax
provision, which would reduce our cash flows. Additionally, the ability to utilize deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of taxable income in the specific tax jurisdictions that have deferred income tax assets.
CONTENT_44:

CONTENT_45:
As of December 29, 2014,
our consolidated balance sheet reflected $31.4 million of goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets, which amount will significantly increase after the application of purchase accounting to the Merger. We periodically evaluate whether events and
circumstances have occurred, such that the potential for reduced expectations for future cash flows coupled with further decline in the market price of our stock and market capitalization may indicate that the remaining balance of goodwill and
definite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable. If factors indicate that assets are impaired, we would be required to reduce the carrying value of our goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets, which could harm our results during the
periods in which such a reduction is recognized. For example, for the year ended December 31, 2012 our assessment of goodwill impairment indicated that the carrying value of goodwill for our Asia Pacific reporting unit, in our Asia Pacific
operating segment, was in excess of fair value, and therefore we recognized an impairment charge of $171.4 million.  We will
perform our fiscal year 2015 annual impairment test during our fourth fiscal quarter. Given the recent volatility of our market capitalization, it is reasonably possible that we could record an impairment charge by fiscal year end when we conduct
our annual impairment test. Our goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets may increase in future periods if we consummate other acquisitions. Amortization and impairment of these additional intangibles would, in turn, reduce our earnings.
CONTENT_46:

CONTENT_47:
The destruction or closure of any of our facilities for
a significant period of time as a result of fire, explosion, blizzard, act of war or terrorism, flood, tornado, earthquake, lightning, other natural disasters, an outbreak of epidemics such as Ebola or severe acute respiratory syndrome, required
maintenance, or other events could harm us financially, increasing our costs of doing business and limiting our ability to deliver our manufacturing services on a timely basis.  Our insurance coverage with respect to damages to our facilities or our customers&#146; products caused by natural disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. Such coverage may
not be adequate or continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms.  In the event one or more of our
facilities is closed on a temporary or permanent basis as a result of a natural disaster, required maintenance or other event, or in the event that an outbreak of a serious epidemic results in quarantines, temporary closures of offices or
manufacturing facilities, travel restrictions or the temporary or permanent loss of key personnel, our operations could be significantly disrupted. Such events could delay or prevent product manufacturing and shipment for the time required to
transfer production or repair, rebuild or replace the affected manufacturing facilities. This time frame could be lengthy and result in significant expenses for repair and related costs. While we have in place disaster recovery plans, there can be
no assurance that such plans will be sufficient to allow our operations to continue in the event of every natural or man-made disaster, pandemic, required repair or other extraordinary event. Any extended inability to continue our operations at
unaffected facilities following such an event would reduce our revenue and potentially damage our reputation as a reliable supplier.
CONTENT_48:

CONTENT_49:
Competition in the PCB market is intense, and we expect that competition will continue to increase, thereby creating a highly aggressive pricing environment. We and some of our competitors have in the
past reduced 
   24 





Table of Contents

 
average selling prices. In addition, competitors may reduce their average selling prices faster than our ability to reduce costs, which can also accelerate the rate of decline of our selling
prices. When prices decline, we may also be required to write down the value of our inventory.  The effects of such pricing
pressures on our business may be exacerbated by inflationary pressures that affect our costs of supply. When we are unable to extract comparable concessions from our suppliers on prices they charge us, this in turn reduces gross profit if we are
unable to raise prices. Further, uncertainty or adverse changes in the economy could also lead to a significant decline in demand for our products and pressure to reduce our prices. As a result of the recent global economic downturn, many businesses
have taken a more conservative stance in ordering inventory. Any decrease in demand for our products, coupled with pressure from the market and our customers to decrease our prices, would materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.  The pricing pressure we face on our products requires us to introduce new and more
advanced technology products to maintain average selling prices or reduce any declines in average selling prices. As we shift production to more advanced, higher density PCBs, we tend to make significant investments in plants and other capital
equipment and incur higher costs of production, which may not be recovered.
CONTENT_50:

CONTENT_51:
Sales to EMS companies represented
approximately 39%, 38% and 40% of our net sales for the years ended December 29, 2014, December 30, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively. Sales to EMS providers include sales directed by OEMs as well as orders placed with us
at the EMS providers&#146; discretion. EMS providers source on a global basis to a greater extent than OEMs. The growth of EMS providers increases the purchasing power of such providers and has in the past, and could in the future, result in
increased price competition or the loss of existing OEM customers. In addition, some EMS providers, including some of our customers, have the ability to directly manufacture PCBs and create backplane assemblies. If a significant number of our other
EMS customers were to acquire these abilities, our customer base might shrink, and our sales might decline substantially. Moreover, if any of our OEM customers outsource the production of PCBs and creation of backplane assemblies to these EMS
providers, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be harmed.
CONTENT_52:

CONTENT_53:
We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, growth in the scope and complexity of our operations. This growth may strain
our managerial, financial, manufacturing, and other resources. In order to manage our growth, we may be required to continue to implement additional operating and financial controls and hire and train additional personnel. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to do so in the future, and failure to do so could jeopardize our expansion plans and seriously harm our operations. In addition, growth in our capacity could result in reduced capacity utilization and a corresponding decrease
in gross margins.
CONTENT_54:

CONTENT_55:
TTM operates on a global basis and is subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-kickback laws and regulations, including restrictions imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the
&#147;FCPA&#148;). The FCPA and similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-kickback laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries and agents from making improper payments to government officials or any other
persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate and sell our products in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with
anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-kickback laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We also, from time to time, undertake business ventures with state-owned companies or enterprises. 
   25 





Table of Contents

 TTM&#146;s global business operations must also comply with all applicable domestic and
foreign export control laws, including ITAR, and EAR. Some items manufactured by us are controlled for export by the U.S. Department of Commerce&#146;s Bureau of Industry and Security under EAR. 
We train our employees concerning anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-kickback laws and compliance with international regulations
regarding trades and exports, and we have policies in place that prohibit employees from making improper payments. We cannot provide assurances that our internal controls and procedures will guarantee compliance by our employees or third parties
with whom we work. If we are found to be liable for violations of the FCPA or similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery, or anti-kickback laws in international jurisdictions or for violations of ITAR, EAR, or other similar regulations regarding trades
and exports, either due to our own acts or out of inadvertence, or due to the inadvertence of others, we could suffer criminal or civil fines or penalties or other repercussions, including reputational harm, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  TTM&#146;s global business operations also must be
conducted in compliance with applicable economic sanctions laws and regulations, such as laws administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury&#146;s OFAC, the U.S. State Department, and the U.S. Department of Commerce. We must comply with all
applicable economic sanctions laws and regulations of the U.S. and other countries. Violations of these laws or regulations could result in significant additional sanctions including criminal or civil fines or penalties, more onerous compliance
requirements, more extensive debarments from export privileges, or loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of our international business.  In certain countries, TTM may engage third-party agents or intermediaries, such as customs agents, to act on each of their behalves, and if these third-party agents or intermediaries violate applicable
laws, their actions may result in criminal or civil fines or penalties or other sanctions being assessed against TTM. We take certain measures designed to ensure our compliance with U.S. export and economic sanctions laws, anti-corruption laws and
regulations, and export control laws. However, it is possible that some of our products were sold or will be sold to distributors or other parties, without our knowledge or consent, in violation of applicable law. There can be no assurances that we
will be in compliance in the future. Any such violation could result in significant criminal or civil fines, penalties, or other sanctions and repercussions, including reputational harm, that could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_56:

CONTENT_57:
Our operations are regulated under a number of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and safety laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the discharge of hazardous materials into
the air and water, as well as the handling, storage, and disposal of such materials. These laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization
Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, and the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act, as well as analogous state, local, and foreign laws. Compliance with these
environmental laws is a major consideration for us because our manufacturing processes use and generate materials classified as hazardous. Because we use hazardous materials and generate hazardous wastes in our manufacturing processes, we may be
subject to potential financial liability for costs associated with the investigation and remediation of our own sites, or sites at which we have arranged for the disposal of hazardous wastes, if such sites become contaminated. Even if we fully
comply with applicable environmental laws and are not directly at fault for the contamination, we may still be liable. The wastes we generate include spent ammoniacal and cupric etching solutions, metal stripping solutions, waste acid solutions,
waste alkaline cleaners, waste oil, and waste waters that contain heavy metals such as copper, tin, lead, nickel, gold, silver, cyanide, and fluoride, and both filter cake and spent ion exchange resins from equipment used for on-site waste
treatment.  Environmental law violations, including with respect to the failure to maintain required environmental permits,
could subject us to fines, penalties, and other sanctions, including the revocation of our effluent 
   26 





Table of Contents

 
discharge permits, which could require us to cease or limit production at one or more of our facilities, and harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Even if we
ultimately prevail, environmental lawsuits against us would be time consuming and costly to defend.  Environmental laws have
generally become more stringent and this trend may continue over time, imposing greater compliance costs and increasing risks and penalties associated with violation. We operate in environmentally sensitive locations, and we are subject to
potentially conflicting and changing regulatory agendas of political, business, and environmental groups. Changes or restrictions on discharge limits, emissions levels, material storage, handling, or disposal might require a high level of unplanned
capital investment or relocation to another global location where prohibitive regulations do not exist. It is possible that environmental compliance costs and penalties from new or existing regulations may materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.  We are increasingly required to certify compliance with various material
content restrictions in our products based on laws of various jurisdictions or territories such as the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) and Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) directives in the
European Union and China&#146;s RoHS legislation. Similar laws have been adopted in other jurisdictions and may become increasingly prevalent. In addition, we must also certify as to the non-applicability of the EU&#146;s Waste Electrical and
Electronic Equipment directive for certain products that we manufacture. The REACH directive requires the identification of Substances of Very High Concern (SVHCs) periodically. We must survey our supply chain and certify to the non-presence or
presence of SVHCs to our customers. As with other types of product certifications that we routinely provide, we may incur liability and pay damages if our products do not conform to our certifications. 
We are also subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations in China, which impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants
into the air and water and establish standards for the treatment, storage, and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. The manufacturing of our products generates gaseous chemical wastes, liquid wastes, waste water, and other industrial wastes from
various stages of the manufacturing process. Production sites in China are subject to regulation and periodic monitoring by the relevant environmental protection authorities. Environmental claims or the failure to comply with current or future
regulations could result in the assessment of damages or imposition of fines against us, suspension of production, or cessation of operations.  The process to manufacture PCBs requires adherence to city, county, state, federal, and foreign environmental regulations regarding the storage, use, handling, and disposal of chemicals, solid wastes, and
other hazardous materials, as well as compliance with air quality standards and chemical use reporting. In China, governmental authorities have adopted new rules and regulations governing environmental issues. An update to Chinese environmental
waste water law was issued in late 2012, but allows for an interim period in which plants subject to such law may install equipment that meets the new regulatory regime. Our plants in China are not yet in full compliance with the newly adopted
environmental regulations. There can be no assurance that violations will not occur in the future.
CONTENT_58:

CONTENT_59:
Certain of our employees have access to, or signature authority with respect to, bank
accounts or other company assets, which could expose us to fraud or theft. In addition, certain employees have access to certain precious metals used in connection with our manufacturing and key information technology (IT) infrastructure and to
customer and other information that is commercially valuable. Should any employee, for any reason, steal any such precious metals (which has occurred from time to time), compromise our IT systems, or misappropriate customer or other information, we
could incur losses, including losses relating to claims by our customers against us, and the willingness of customers to do business with us may be damaged and, in the case of our defense business, we could be debarred from future participation in
government programs. Any such losses may not be fully covered by insurance. 
   27 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_60:

CONTENT_61:
Although we have
long-term contracts with many customers, those contracts generally do not contain volume commitments. We generally sell to customers on a purchase order basis. Our quick-turn orders are subject to particularly short lead times. Consequently, our
sales are subject to short-term variability in demand by our customers. Customers submitting purchase orders may cancel, reduce, or delay their orders for a variety of reasons, subject to negotiations. The level and timing of orders placed by our
customers may vary due to:   


 
&#149;
 
 customer attempts to manage inventory;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in customers&#146; manufacturing strategies, such as a decision by a customer to either diversify or consolidate the number of PCB
manufacturers or backplane assembly service providers used or to manufacture or assemble its own products internally;   


 
&#149;
 
 variation in demand for our customers&#146; products; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 changes in new product introductions.  We have periodically experienced terminations, reductions, and delays in our customers&#146; orders. Further terminations, reductions, or delays in our customers&#146; orders could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_62:

CONTENT_63:
Increasingly, our customers are requesting that we enter into supply agreements with them. These agreements typically do not include
volume commitments, but do include provisions that generally serve to increase our exposure for product liability and limited sales returns, which could result in higher costs to us as a result of such claims. In addition, these agreements typically
contain provisions that seek to limit our operational and pricing flexibility and extend payment terms, which could materially adversely affect our cash flow, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_64:

CONTENT_65:
Our future revenue
growth partially depends on new outsourcing opportunities from OEMs. Current and prospective customers continuously evaluate our performance against other providers. They also evaluate the potential benefits of manufacturing their products
themselves. To the extent that outsourcing opportunities are not available either due to OEM decisions to produce these products themselves or to use other providers, our financial results and future growth could be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_66:

CONTENT_67:
Recently, some of our large customers have consolidated, and further consolidation of customers may occur. Depending on which organization
becomes the controller of the supply chain function following the consolidation, we may not be retained as a preferred or approved supplier. In addition, product duplication could result in the termination of a product line that we currently
support. While there is potential for increasing our position with the combined customer, there does exist the potential for decreased revenue if we are not retained as a continuing supplier. We also face the risk of increased pricing pressure from
the combined customer because of its increased market share.
CONTENT_68:

CONTENT_69:
Most of our sales are on an &#147;open credit&#148; basis, with standard
industry payment terms. We monitor individual customer payment capability in granting such open credit arrangements, seek to limit such open credit 
   28 





Table of Contents

 
to amounts we believe the customers can pay, and maintain reserves we believe are adequate to cover exposure for doubtful accounts. During periods of economic downturn in the electronics industry
and the global economy, our exposure to credit risks from our customers increases. Although we have programs in place to monitor and mitigate the associated risks, such programs may not be effective in reducing our credit risks. 
Our five largest OEM customers accounted for approximately 44%, 41% and 33% of our net sales for the years ended December 29, 2014,
December 30, 2013, and December 31, 2012, respectively. Additionally, our OEM customers often direct a significant portion of their purchases through a relatively limited number of EMS companies. Sales to EMS companies represented
approximately 39%, 38%, and 40% of our net sales for the years ended December 29, 2014, December 30, 2013, and December 31, 2012, respectively. Our contractual relationship is often with the EMS companies, who are obligated to pay us
for our products. Because we expect our OEM customers to continue to direct our sales to EMS companies, we expect to continue to be subject to this credit risk with a limited number of EMS customers. If one or more of our significant customers were
to become insolvent or were otherwise unable to pay us, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_70:

CONTENT_71:
Although we have preferred suppliers for most of our raw
materials, the materials we use are generally readily available in the open market, and other potential suppliers exist. The components for backplane assemblies in some cases have limited or sole sources of supply. Consolidations and restructuring
in our supplier base may result in adverse materials pricing due to reduction in competition among our suppliers. Furthermore, if a raw material or component supplier fails to satisfy our product quality standards, including standards relating to
&#147;conflict minerals&#148; (discussed above in a separate risk factor), it could harm our customer relationships. Suppliers may from time to time extend lead times, limit supplies, or increase prices, due to capacity constraints or other factors,
which could harm our ability to deliver our products on a timely basis.
CONTENT_72:

CONTENT_73:
Our business is capital-intensive, and our ability to increase revenue, profit, and cash flow depends upon continued capital spending. If
we are unable to fund our capital requirements as currently planned, however, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we do not achieve our expected operating results, we would need
to reallocate our sources and uses of operating cash flows. This may include borrowing additional funds to service debt payments, which may impair our ability to make investments in our business. Looking ahead at long-term needs, we may need to
raise additional funds for a number of purposes, including:   


 
&#149;
 
 to fund capital equipment purchases to increase production capacity, upgrade and expand our technological capabilities and replace aging equipment or
introduce new products;   


 
&#149;
 
 to refinance our existing indebtedness;   


 
&#149;
 
 to fund our operations beyond 2015;   


 
&#149;
 
 to fund working capital requirements for future growth that we may experience; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 to enhance or expand the range of services we offer;   



 
&#149;
 
 to increase our sales and marketing activities; or   


 
&#149;
 
 to respond to competitive pressures or perceived opportunities, such as investment, acquisition and international expansion activities.
 Should we need to raise funds through incurring additional debt, we may become subject to covenants even
more restrictive than those contained in our current debt instruments. There can be no assurance that additional 
   29 





Table of Contents

 
capital would be available on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all. If such funds are not available to us when required or on acceptable terms, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_74:

CONTENT_75:
The
manufacturing of PCBs requires significant quantities of electricity and water. Our Asia Pacific operations have historically purchased substantially all of the electrical power for their manufacturing plants in China from local power plants.
Because China&#146;s economy has recently been in a state of growth, the strain on the nation&#146;s power plants is increasing, which has led to continuing power outages in various parts of the country. There may be times when our operations in
China may be unable to obtain adequate sources of electricity to meet production requirements. Additionally, we do not generally maintain any back-up power generation facilities for our operations, so if we were to lose power at any of our
facilities, we would be required to cease operations until power was restored. Any stoppage of power could materially adversely affect our ability to meet our customers&#146; orders in a timely manner, thus potentially resulting in a loss of
business and increased costs of manufacturing. In addition, the sudden cessation of power supply could damage our equipment, resulting in the need for costly repairs or maintenance as well as damage to products in production, resulting in an
increase in scrapped products. For example, in the third quarter of 2014, one of our principal plants was affected by a 5 day unexpected power outage, which increased our manufacturing costs. Similarly, the sudden cessation of the water supply
to Chinese facilities could adversely affect our ability to fulfill orders in a timely manner, potentially resulting in a loss of business and under-utilization of capacity. Various regions in China have in the past experienced shortages of both
electricity and water and unexpected interruptions of power supply. From time to time, the Chinese government rations electrical power, which can lead to unscheduled production interruptions in our manufacturing facilities. There can be no assurance
that our required utilities would not in the future experience material interruptions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_76:

CONTENT_77:
We rely on information technology networks and systems,
some of which are owned and operated by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information. In particular, we depend on our information technology infrastructure for a variety of functions, including worldwide financial reporting,
inventory management, procurement, invoicing, and email communications. Any of these systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, and similar events. Despite the
implementation of network security measures, our systems and those of third parties on which we rely may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, and similar disruptions. If we or our vendors are unable to prevent such outages and
breaches, our operations could be disrupted. If unauthorized parties gain access to our information systems or such information is used in an unauthorized manner, misdirected, lost, or stolen during transmission, any theft or misuse of such
information could result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity, governmental inquiry and oversight, difficulty in marketing our services, allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations, litigation by
affected parties, and possible financial obligations for damages related to the theft or misuse of such information, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_78:

CONTENT_79:
Our future success depends to a large extent on the services of our
key managerial employees. We may not be able to retain our executive officers and key personnel or attract additional qualified management in the future. We can make no assurances that future changes in executive management will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business also depends on our continuing ability to recruit, train, and retain highly qualified employees, particularly engineering and sales and marketing

   30 





Table of Contents

 
personnel. The competition for these employees is intense, and the loss of these employees could harm our business. Further, our ability to successfully integrate acquired companies depends in
part on our ability to retain key management and existing employees at the time of the acquisition.
CONTENT_80:

CONTENT_81:

CONTENT_82:

CONTENT_83:

CONTENT_84:

CONTENT_85:
Our manufacturing processes require that we purchase significant quantities of energy from third parties, which results in the generation
of greenhouse gases, either directly on-site or indirectly at electric utilities. Both domestic and international legislation to address climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions could create increases in energy costs and price volatility.
Considerable international attention is now focused on development of an international policy framework to guide international action to address climate change. Proposed and existing legislative efforts to control or limit greenhouse gas emissions
could affect our energy sources and supply choices as well as increase the cost of energy and raw materials that are derived from sources that generate greenhouse gas emissions. 
   31 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_86:

CONTENT_87:

CONTENT_88:

CONTENT_89:

CONTENT_90:

CONTENT_91:

CONTENT_92:
We have identified at least $55 million in annualized cost savings, which are expected to be implemented within the
first 12 months following consummation of the Merger. Approximately 40% of the identified cost savings relate to selling, general, and administrative labor related efficiencies, including rationalizing overlapping functional areas; approximately 36%
of the identified cost savings relate to non-labor selling, general, and administrative costs, including service provider contract rationalization with the goal of increasing overhead efficiencies and avoiding duplicative efforts; and approximately
24% of the identified cost savings relates to plant operating efficiencies. Our estimates of costs to achieve these cost savings do not include non-cash restructuring costs relating to potential plant optimizations or any write-downs of long-lived
assets or intangible assets, as we have not conducted our review of the operations of the combined company, and any such non-cash amounts may be material. To realize the anticipated cost savings, we expect to incur cash expenses of approximately $26
million in 2015, including approximately $9.9 million in change-in-control related payments noted below.  In addition, we
expect to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of the two companies. Most of these non-recurring costs will be comprised of transaction and regulatory costs related to the Merger, including fees paid to
financial and legal advisors related to the Merger and related 
   32 





Table of Contents

 
financing arrangements, and employment-related costs. We expect to incur total merger-related costs of approximately $27.8 million, of which $6.0 million has been incurred during the year ended
December 29, 2014 and consists primarily of investment bank fees, legal fees, and other professional fees, approximately $76.4 million in premiums, accrued interest, and other costs to refinance the debt of Viasystems, and approximately $33.3
million of debt issuance costs. In addition, pursuant to change-in-control provisions in Viasystems&#146; employment agreements with certain executives, such executives may be entitled to receive change-in-control related payments in an amount equal
to approximately $9.9 million upon a termination of employment.  While our management believes these cost savings are
achievable, our ability to achieve such estimated cost savings in the timeframe described is subject to various assumptions by management, which may or may not be realized, as well as the incurrence of other costs in our operations that offset all
or a portion of such cost savings. As a consequence, we may not be able to realize all of these cost savings within the time frame expected or at all. In addition, TTM may incur additional and/or unexpected costs in order to realize these cost
savings. See &#147;&#151; The integration of Viasystems may present significant challenges to TTM, and although TTM expects the Merger with Viasystems will result in cost savings, synergies, and other benefits to TTM, TTM may not realize those
benefits because of difficulties related to integration, the realization of synergies, and other challenges.&#148;
CONTENT_93:

CONTENT_94:
TTM and Viasystems have operated and,
until consummation of the Merger, will continue to operate, independently, and there can be no assurances that their businesses can be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key TTM or
Viasystems employees, the loss of customers, the disruption of either company&#146;s or both companies&#146; ongoing businesses or other unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration
process that takes longer than originally anticipated. Specifically, the following issues and potential risks, among others, must be addressed in integrating the operations of Viasystems and TTM in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the
Merger so the combined company performs as expected:   


 
&#149;
 
 failure to implement the business plan for the combined company; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 combining the businesses of TTM and Viasystems and meeting the capital requirements of the combined company in a manner that permits the combined
company to achieve the cost savings or revenue synergies anticipated to result from the Merger, the failure of which would result in the anticipated benefits of the Merger not being realized in the time frame currently anticipated or at all;
  


 
&#149;
 
 satisfying the requirements of our customers and meeting their expectations while we integrate operations, transition production and reduce footprint;
  


 
&#149;
 
 harmonizing the companies&#146; operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls, and other policies, procedures,
and processes;   


 
&#149;
 
 costs, including legal and settlement costs, associated with TTM&#146;s and Viasystems&#146; legal proceedings, and other costs, including legal and
settlement costs, associated with the combined company&#146;s other loss contingencies, in each case whether known or unknown and whether relating to past, present or future facts, events, circumstances, or occurrences, any of which could be
materially adverse to the business, results of operations, assets, or financial condition of TTM or Viasystems and, following the Merger, the financial position, results of operations, and liquidity of the combined company and the ability of the
combined company to achieve expected benefits of the Merger;   


 
&#149;
 
 potential deterioration in the financial performance of TTM and Viasystems, including any potential deviation in results of operations from historical
levels;   


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in the assimilation and retention of employees; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 demands on management related to the increase in the size of our company after the Merger; 
   33 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 the diversion of management&#146;s attention from the management of daily operations to the integration of operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the imposition of divestiture requirements or a required exit from business lines to obtain regulatory approvals; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties and risks in the integration of departments and systems (including accounting, health information and management information systems),
technologies (including software), books and records and procedures, as well as in maintaining uniform standards and controls (including internal control over financial reporting and related procedures and policies); and
  


 
&#149;
 
 other unanticipated issues, expenses, or liabilities that could materially adversely affect our ability to realize any expected synergies on a timely
basis, or at all.  If we cannot successfully integrate Viasystems, we may experience material negative
consequences to our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Successful integration of TTM and Viasystems will depend on our ability to manage these operations, to realize opportunities for revenue growth and to eliminate redundant
and excess costs. Because of difficulties in combining the two companies, we may not be able to achieve the benefits that we expect to achieve as a result of the Merger.
CONTENT_95:

CONTENT_96:
Prior to the consummation of the Merger, the parties may, by their mutual agreement, amend or alter the terms of the Merger Agreement, including with respect to, among other things, the Merger
Consideration to be received by Viasystems stockholders, assets to be acquired, or any covenants or agreements with respect to the parties&#146; respective operations during the pendency thereof, except that no amendment may be made without further
stockholder approval which, by law or in accordance with the rules of the Nasdaq Global Market, requires further approval by Viasystems&#146; stockholders. Any such amendments or alterations may have negative consequences, including reducing the
cash available for TTM&#146;s operations or to meet obligations or restricting or limiting our assets or operations. Under certain circumstances, Viasystems stockholders may be permitted or required to adopt any such amendments, which could delay
the consummation of the Merger and subject us to additional expense.
CONTENT_97:

CONTENT_98:
Satisfying the conditions to, and consummation of, the Merger may take longer than, and could cost more than, TTM expects. TTM cannot
predict whether or when the conditions to the Merger will be satisfied, and satisfying the conditions to the Merger, including obtaining antitrust, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, and other regulatory approvals, could delay
the effective time of the Merger for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. Any delay in consummating the Merger or any additional conditions imposed in order to consummate the Merger, including divestitures required to obtain
the approvals of antitrust authorities, may not only materially adversely affect the cost savings and other benefits that TTM expects to achieve if the Merger and the integration of the companies&#146; respective businesses are completed within the
expected timeframe, but also may result in the sale of business lines that generate certain of our net sales, operating income and cash flows.
CONTENT_99:

CONTENT_100:

CONTENT_101:

CONTENT_102:

CONTENT_103:

CONTENT_104:

CONTENT_105:

CONTENT_106:

CONTENT_107:

CONTENT_108:

CONTENT_109:
After
consummation of the Merger, we will require liquidity to fund our operations and make capital expenditures, as well as interest and principal payments on our debt. To the extent that the funds generated by the combined company&#146;s ongoing
operations are insufficient to cover our liquidity requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through financings. If the combined company cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, or at all, its business,
operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. Any future equity or debt financing may not be available on terms that are favorable to the combined company, if at all.
CONTENT_110:

CONTENT_111:
A significant portion of Viasystems&#146; historical sales has been to customers within the automotive industry. If
there was a destabilization of the automotive industry or a market shift away from automotive customers, there may be a material adverse effect on the combined company&#146;s business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_112:

CONTENT_113:
After the consummation of the Merger, we expect to
serve numerous automotive customers. For safety reasons, automotive customers have strict quality standards that generally exceed the quality requirements of other customers. After the consummation of the Merger, a significant portion of our PCB
products are expected to be sold to customers in the automotive industry, and if such products do not meet these quality standards, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. These automotive
customers may require long periods of time to evaluate whether the combined company&#146;s manufacturing processes and facilities meet their quality standards. If we were to lose automotive customers due to quality control issues, we might not be
able to regain those customers or gain new automotive customers for long periods of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, we may be required under our contracts
with automotive industry customers to indemnify them for the cost of warranties and recalls relating to our products. See &#147;&#151; Products we manufacture may contain design or manufacturing defects, which could result in reduced demand for our
services and liability claims against us.&#148;   


<B
