HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
HEADER_2:
In addition to the other information in this report, the following factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business before purchasing shares of our stock. 
HEADER_3:
Our quarterly operating results are volatile and difficult to predict. If we fail to meet the expectations of public market analysts or investors, the market price of our common stock may decrease significantly
HEADER_4:
If demand for our products declines in our major end markets, our net revenues will decrease.
HEADER_5:
Our products are sold through distributors, which limits our direct interaction with our end customers, therefore reducing our ability to forecast sales and increasing the complexity of our business. 
HEADER_6:
Intense competition in the high-voltage power supply industry may lead to a decrease in our average selling price and reduced sales volume of our products.
HEADER_7:
If we are unable to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, we could lose market share, incur costly litigation expenses, suffer incremental price erosion or lose valuable assets, any of which could harm our operations and negatively impact our profitability.
HEADER_8:
If we do not prevail in our litigation, we will have expended significant financial resources, potentially without any benefit, and may also suffer the loss of rights to use some technologies. 
HEADER_9:
Legal Proceedings and Contingencies
HEADER_10:
Our international sales activities account for a substantial portion of our net revenues, which subjects us to substantial risks.   
HEADER_11:
Fluctuations in exchange rates, particularly the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Japanese yen, Swiss franc and euro, may impact our gross margin and net income
HEADER_12:
We depend on third-party suppliers to provide us with wafers for our products and if they fail to provide us sufficient quantities of wafers, our business may suffer
HEADER_13:
If our efforts to enhance existing products and introduce new products are not successful, we may not be able to generate demand for our products
HEADER_14:
In the event of an earthquake, terrorist act or other disaster, our operations may be interrupted and our business would be harmed.
HEADER_15:
Securities laws and regulations, including potential risk resulting from our evaluation of internal controls under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, will continue to impact our results
HEADER_16:
Because the sales cycle for our products can be lengthy, we may incur substantial expenses before we generate significant revenues, if any.
HEADER_17:
Our products must meet exacting specifications, and undetected defects and failures may occur which may cause customers to return or stop buying our products.
HEADER_18:
If our products do not penetrate additional markets, our business will not grow as we expect.
HEADER_19:
We do not have long-term contracts with any of our customers and if they fail to place, or if they cancel or reschedule orders for our products, our operating results and our business may suffer.
HEADER_20:
Audits of our tax returns and potential future changes in tax laws may increase the amount of taxes we are required to pay.  
HEADER_21:
We must attract and retain qualified personnel to be successful and competition for qualified personnel is intense in our market.
HEADER_22:
We are exposed to risks associated with acquisitions and strategic investments
HEADER_23:
Our inability to successfully integrate, or realize the expected benefits from, our acquisitions could adversely affect our results. 
HEADER_24:
Changes in environmental laws and regulations may increase our costs related to obsolete products in our existing inventory
HEADER_25:
Interruptions in our information technology systems could adversely affect our business.  
HEADER_26:
Uncertainties arising out of economic consequences of current and potential military actions or terrorist activities and associated political instability could adversely affect our business. 
