CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:
Our quarterly and annual results of operations may fluctuate significantly due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. This variability may lead to volatility in our stock price as investors and research analysts respond to quarterly fluctuations. In addition, comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis, particularly on a sequential quarterly basis, may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance.Factors that may affect our results of operations include:&#8226;the timing of new orders and revenue recognition for new and prior year orders;&#8226;seasonal buying patterns of our customers;&#8226;the proportion and timing of subscription sales as opposed to software licenses, and the variations in revenue recognition between the two sales methods;&#8226;volatility in the sales of our products and the execution timing of new and renewal agreements within such periods;&#8226;our ability to increase sales to and renew agreements with our existing customers, particularly larger customers;&#8226;our ability to attract new customers in both domestic and international markets;&#8226;the structure of our licensing contracts, including delayed payment or acceptance terms and escalating payments, including fluctuations in perpetual licenses from period to period;&#8226;our ability to enter into contracts on favorable terms, including terms related to price, payment timing and product delivery with customers and prospects that possess substantial negotiating leverage and procurement expertise;&#8226;introduction of new, or the increase of existing, licensing models that feature ratable revenue recognition;&#8226;our ability to develop and achieve market adoption of cloud-based services;&#8226;increases in cloud-related development and services costs;&#8226;the incurrence of penalties for failing to meet certain contractual obligations, including service levels and implementation times;&#8226;the impact of a recession or any other adverse global economic conditions on our business, including uncertainties that may cause a delay in entering into or a failure to enter into significant customer agreements;&#8226;the lengthy and variable nature of our product implementation cycles;&#8226;reductions in our customers&#8217; budgets for information technology purchases and delays in their purchasing cycles;&#8226;variations in the amount of policies sold by our customers, where pricing to such customers is based on the direct written premium that is managed by our solutions; &#8226;erosion in services margins or significant fluctuations in services revenues caused by changing customer demand;&#8226;our ability to realize expected benefits from our acquisitions;&#8226;timing of commissions expense related to large transactions;&#8226;bonus expense based on the bonus attainment rate;&#8226;the timing and cost of hiring personnel and of large expenses such as third-party professional services;&#8226;stock-based compensation expenses, which vary along with changes to our stock price;&#8226;fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;&#8226;unanticipated trade sanctions and other restrictions that may impede our ability to sell internationally; and&#8226;future accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting rules or our accounting policies.In addition, our license and other revenue may fluctuate if our customers make early payments of their annual license fees in advance of the invoice due date. This may cause an unexpected increase in revenues in one quarter, reducing revenue and growth rates in future periods.8Table of ContentsThe foregoing factors are difficult to forecast, and these, as well as other factors, could materially adversely affect our quarterly and annual results of operations. We believe our ability to adjust spending quickly enough to compensate for a revenue shortfall is very limited and our inability to do so could magnify the adverse impact of such revenue shortfall on our results of operations. If we fail to achieve our quarterly forecasts, if our forecasts fall below the expectations of investors or research analysts, or if our actual results fail to meet the expectations of investors or research analysts, our stock price may decline.
CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:

CONTENT_5:
To address demand trends in the P&amp;C insurance industry, we now offer customers the use of our software products through a cloud-based offering in addition to our on-premises offering.  This adjustment to our business model requires a considerable investment of technical, financial, legal and sales resources.  Our transition to cloud offerings will continue to divert resources and increase costs, especially in cost of license and other revenues, in any given period.  Such investments may not improve our long-term growth and results of operations.  Further, the increase in some costs associated with our cloud services, such as the cost of public infrastructure, may be difficult to predict over time, especially in light of our lack of historical experience with the costs of delivering cloud-based versions of our applications.  Our subscription contracts also contain penalty clauses, for matters such as failing to meet stipulated service levels, which represent new risks we are not accustomed to managing.  Should these penalties be triggered, our results of operations may be adversely affected.  Furthermore, we may assume greater responsibilities for implementation related services during this transition. As a result, we may face risks associated with new and complex implementations, the cost of which may differ from original estimates.  As with our stated history, the consequences in such circumstances could include: monetary credits for current or future service engagements, reduced fees for additional product sales, and a customer&#8217;s refusal to pay their contractually-obligated subscription or service fees. We expect the revenue we would recognize under our cloud-based subscription model to be recognized ratably over the term of the contract.  The transition to ratable revenue recognition may reduce license revenue we otherwise would have recognized in those periods in which the portion of our revenues attributable to ratable subscription contracts grows. This effect on recognized revenue may be magnified in any fiscal year due to the concentration of our orders in the fourth quarter.  A combination of increased costs and delayed recognition of revenue would adversely impact our gross and operating margins during those periods.In addition, market acceptance of our cloud-based offerings may be affected by a variety of factors, including but not limited to: price, security, reliability, performance, customer preference, public concerns regarding privacy and the enactment of restrictive laws or regulations. We are in the early stages of rearchitecting our existing products and developing new products in an effort to offer customers greater choices on how they consume our software. As our business practices in this area develop and evolve over time, we may be required to revise the subscription agreements we initially develop in connection with this transition, which may result in revised terms and conditions that impact how we recognize revenue and the costs and risks associated with these offerings.  Whether our product development efforts or business model transition will prove successful and accomplish our business objectives is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including but not limited to: customer demand, our ability to further develop and scale infrastructure, our ability to include functionality and usability in such offerings that address customer requirements, tax and accounting implications, and our costs. In addition, the metrics we and our investors use to gauge the status of our business model transition may evolve over the course of the transition as significant trends emerge. It may be difficult, therefore, to accurately determine the impact of this transition on our business on a contemporaneous basis, or to clearly communicate the appropriate metrics to our investors. If we are unable to successfully establish these new cloud offerings and navigate our business model transition in light of the foregoing risks and uncertainties, our reputation could suffer and our results of operations could be harmed, which may cause our stock price to decline.
CONTENT_6:
Our services revenues were 34%, 34% and 40% of total revenues for each of fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our services revenues produce lower gross margins than our license revenues. The gross margin of our services revenues was 7%, 10Table of Contents8% and 12% for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, while the gross margin for license revenues was 94%, 97% and 97% for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015.  An increase in the percentage of total revenues represented by services revenues or lower services margins could reduce our overall gross margins and operating margins. We anticipate that in fiscal year 2018, services revenues will grow significantly as a percentage of total revenues, which will likely reduce our overall gross margin and operating margin for the year.  Such a trend can be the result of several factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including increased customer demand for our service team involvement in new products and services, the rates we charge for our services,  and the extent to which system integrators are willing and able to provide services directly to customers.  Erosion in our services margins would also adversely affect our gross and operating margins.  Services margins may erode for a period of time as we work to grow our business and overall revenue; for instance, services margins may erode if we hire and train additional services personnel to support new products including cloud-based services, if we require additional service personnel to support entry into new markets, or if we require additional personnel on unexpectedly difficult projects to ensure customer success, perhaps without commensurate compensation.Services margins may also decline if we are required to defer services revenues in connection with an engagement.  This may happen for a number of reasons, including if there is a specific product deliverable associated with a broader services engagement.  In these situations, we would defer only the direct costs associated with the engagement.  Deferring all revenue but only direct costs will reduce margins. In fiscal year 2017, for example, we deferred a significant amount of revenue and direct costs associated with one project, which reduced margins and reported services revenues during fiscal year 2017.
CONTENT_7:

CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:

CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:
In fiscal year 2017, we began the process of implementing a new enterprise resource planning (&#8220;ERP&#8221;) system and other accounting systems, including a new revenue reporting system in advance of the adoption of ASC 606 in fiscal year 2019. &#160;These systems are critical for accurately maintaining books and records and preparing our financial statements. We intend to transition to our new ERP and revenue systems during fiscal year 2018.&#160; While we will invest significant amounts, including for additional personnel and third-party consultants, to implement these systems, we cannot assure you that the implementation will be successful or that we will not experience difficulties following the transition. Any delay or error in the implementation or transition could adversely affect our operations, including our ability to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, file our quarterly or annual reports with the SEC, and invoice and collect from our customers, each of which may harm our operations and reduce investor confidence. Even if we are able to complete the implementation, data integrity problems or other issues may subsequently be discovered which, if not corrected, could impact our business, reputation or results of operations. If we encounter unforeseen difficulties with our new ERP and revenue system implementations, there will be additional demands on our management team and our business, operations and results of operations could be adversely affected.
CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:

CONTENT_14:
The typical sales cycle for our products and services is lengthy and unpredictable, requires pre-purchase evaluation by a significant number of employees in our customers&#8217; organizations, and often involves a significant operational decision by our customers. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use and benefits of our products, including the technical capabilities of our products and the potential cost savings achievable by organizations deploying our products. Customers typically undertake a significant evaluation process, which frequently involves not only our products, but also those of our competitors and can result in a lengthy sales cycle. We spend substantial time, effort and money in our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce sales. Even if we succeed at completing a sale, we may be unable to predict the size of an initial license until very late in the sales cycle. In addition, we sometimes commit to include specific functions in our base product offering at the request of a customer or group of customers and are unable to recognize license revenues until the specific functions have been added to our products. Providing this additional functionality may be time consuming and may involve factors that are outside of our control.  Customers may also insist that we commit to certain time frames in which systems built around our products will be operational, or that once implemented our products will be able to meet certain operational requirements.  Our ability to meet such timeframes and requirements may involve factors that are outside of our control, and failure to meet such timeframes and requirements could result in us incurring penalties, costs and/or additional resource commitments, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. The implementation and testing of our products by our customers typically lasts 6 to 24 months or longer and unexpected implementation delays and difficulties can occur. Implementing our products typically involves integration with our customers&#8217; and third-party&#8217;s systems, as well as adding customer and third-party data to our platform. This can be complex, time consuming and expensive for our customers and can result in delays in the implementation and deployment of our products. Failing to meet the expectations of our customers for the implementation of our products could result in a loss of customers and negative publicity about us and our products and services. Such failure could result from deficiencies in our product capabilities or inadequate service engagements by us, our system integrator partners or our customers&#8217; IT employees, the latter two of which are beyond our direct control. The consequences of such failure could include, and have included: monetary credits for current or future service engagements, reduced fees for additional product sales or upon renewals of existing licenses, and a customer&#8217;s refusal to pay their contractually-obligated license, maintenance or service fees. In addition, time-consuming implementations may also increase the amount of services personnel we must allocate to each customer, thereby increasing our costs and adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition.14Table of Contents
CONTENT_15:
We believe that our future growth will depend on the continued recruiting, retention and training of our global direct sales force and their ability to obtain new customers, both large and small P&amp;C insurers, and to manage our existing customer base. Our ability to achieve significant growth in revenues in the future will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining a sufficient number of global direct sales personnel. New hires require significant training and may, in some cases, take more than a year before becoming productive, if at all. If we are unable to hire and develop sufficient numbers of productive global direct sales personnel, sales of our products and services will suffer and our growth will be impeded.We believe our future growth also will depend on the retention and expansion of successful relationships with system integrators, including with system integrators that will focus on InsuranceNow and other products we may acquire in the future. Our system integrators as channel partners help us reach additional customers. Our growth in revenues, particularly in international markets, will be influenced by the development and maintenance of this indirect sales channel which, in some cases, may require the establishment of effective relationships with regional systems integrators. Although we have established relationships with some of the leading system integrators, our products and services may compete directly against products and services that such leading system integrators support or market. We are unable to control the quantity or quality of resources that our system integrator partners commit to implementing our products, or the quality or timeliness of such implementation. If our partners do not commit sufficient or qualified resources to these activities, our customers will be less satisfied, be less supportive with references, or may require the investment of our resources at discounted rates. These, and other failures by our partners to successfully implement our products, will have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations could fail to grow in line with our projections.
CONTENT_16:
Some of our customers include the world&#8217;s largest P&amp;C insurers. These customers have significant bargaining power when negotiating new licenses or subscriptions, or renewals of existing agreements, and have the ability to buy similar products from other vendors or develop such systems internally. These customers have and may continue to seek advantageous pricing and other commercial terms and may require us to develop additional features in the products we sell to them. We have been required to, and may continue to be required to, reduce the average selling price, or increase the average cost, of our products in response to these pressures. If we are unable to avoid reducing our average selling prices or increasing our average costs, our results of operations could be harmed.
CONTENT_17:
We derive a significant majority of our revenues and cash flows from our established product offerings, including InsuranceSuite, InsuranceNow and our Digital and Data Products.  We expect to continue to derive a substantial portion of our revenues from these sources. As such, continued market acceptance of these products is critical to our growth and success. Demand for our products is affected by a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the successful implementation of our products, the timing of development and release of new products by us and our competitors, technological advances which reduce the appeal of our products, and the growth or contraction in the worldwide market for technological solutions for the P&amp;C insurance industry. If we are unable to continue to meet customer demands, to achieve and maintain a technological advantage over competitors, or to maintain market acceptance of our products, our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects may be adversely affected.
CONTENT_18:
Our customers have no obligation to renew their term licenses or subscriptions after their contract period expires, and these licenses and subscriptions, if renewed, may be done so on less favorable terms. Moreover, under certain circumstances, our customers have the right to cancel their licenses or subscriptions before they expire. We may not accurately predict future trends in customer renewals.  In addition, our term and perpetual license customers have no obligation to renew their maintenance arrangements after the expiration of the initial contractual period. Our customers&#8217; renewal rates may fluctuate or decline because of several factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our products and services, the prices of our products and services, the prices of products and services offered by our competitors or reductions in our customers&#8217; spending levels due to the macroeconomic environment or other factors, or the sale of their operations to a buyer that is not a current customer. Also, in some cases, our customers have a right to exercise a perpetual buyout of their term licenses at the end of the initial contract term, which if exercised would eliminate future term license payments.  If our customers do not renew their term licenses 15Table of Contentsor subscriptions for our solutions or renew on less favorable terms, our revenues may decline or grow more slowly than expected and our profitability may be harmed.
CONTENT_19:
Our success depends on our continued ability to develop, introduce and market new and enhanced versions of our products to meet evolving customer requirements. Because some of our products are complex and require rigorous testing, development cycles can be lengthy, taking us multiple years to develop and introduce new products or provide updates to our existing products. Additionally, market conditions may dictate that we change the technology platform underlying our existing products or that new products be developed on different technology platforms, potentially adding material time and expense to our development cycles. The nature of these development cycles may cause us to experience delays between the time we incur expenses associated with research and development and the time we generate revenues, if any, from such expenses.If we fail to develop new products or enhancements to our existing products, our business could be adversely affected, especially if our competitors are able to introduce products with enhanced functionality. It is critical to our success for us to anticipate changes in technology, industry standards and customer requirements and to successfully introduce new, enhanced and competitive products to meet our customers&#8217; and prospective customers&#8217; needs on a timely basis. We have invested and intend to increase investments in research and development to meet these challenges.  Revenues may not be sufficient to support the future product development that is required for us to remain competitive. If we fail to develop products in a timely manner that are competitive in technology and price or develop products that fail to meet customer demands, our market share will decline and our business and results of operations could be harmed.
CONTENT_20:
Because we offer complex products, undetected errors or failures may exist or occur, especially when products are first introduced or when new versions are released. Our products are often installed and used in large-scale computing environments with different operating systems, system management software and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors or failures in our products or may expose undetected errors, failures or bugs in our products. Despite testing by us, we may not identify all errors, failures or bugs in new products or releases until after commencement of commercial sales or installation. In the past, we have discovered software errors, failures and bugs in some of our product offerings after their introduction.We provide our customers with upfront estimates regarding the duration, resources and costs associated with the implementation of our products. Failure to meet these upfront estimates and the expectations of our customers could result from our product capabilities or service engagements by us, our system integrator partners or our customers&#8217; IT employees, the latter two of which are beyond our direct control. The consequences could include, and have included: monetary credits for current or future service engagements, reduced fees for additional product sales, and a customer&#8217;s refusal to pay their contractually-obligated license, maintenance or service fees. In addition, time-consuming implementations may also increase the amount of services personnel we must allocate to each customer, thereby increasing our costs and adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition.The license and support of our software creates the risk of significant liability claims against us. Our license and subscription agreements with our customers contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to potential liability claims. It is possible, however, that the limitation of liability provisions contained in such agreements may not be enforced as a result of international, federal, state and local laws or ordinances or unfavorable judicial decisions. Breach of warranty or damage liability, or injunctive relief resulting from such claims, could harm our results of operations and financial condition.
CONTENT_21:
Our success depends in part on our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property rights. We rely upon a combination of trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent and unfair competition laws, as well as license agreements and other contractual provisions, to do so.We have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications related to certain of our innovations. We do not know whether those patent applications will result in the issuance of a patent or whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims. In addition, we may not receive competitive advantages from the rights granted under our patents and other intellectual property. Our existing patents and any patents granted to us or that we otherwise acquire in the future, may be contested, circumvented or invalidated, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing these patents. Therefore, the extent of the protection afforded by these patents cannot be predicted with certainty. In addition, given the costs, effort, risks and downside 16Table of Contentsof obtaining patent protection, including the requirement to ultimately disclose the invention to the public, we may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations; however, such patent protection could later prove to be important to our business.We also rely on several registered and unregistered trademarks to protect our brand. Nevertheless, competitors may adopt service names similar to ours, or purchase our trademarks and confusingly similar terms as keywords in Internet search engine advertising programs, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to confusion in the marketplace. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our trademarks. Any claims or customer confusion related to our trademarks could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations.We attempt to protect our intellectual property, technology, and confidential information by generally requiring our employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality and assignment of inventions agreements and third parties to enter into nondisclosure agreements, all of which offer only limited protection. These agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology. Despite our efforts to protect our confidential information, intellectual property, and technology, unauthorized third parties may gain access to our confidential proprietary information, develop and market products or services similar to ours, or use trademarks similar to ours, any of which could materially harm our business and results of operations. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and confidential information, and in such cases, we could not assert any trade secret rights against such parties. Existing U.S. federal, state and international intellectual property laws offer only limited protection. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as governmental agencies and private parties in the United States. Moreover, policing our intellectual property rights is difficult, costly and may not always be effective.From time to time, legal action by us may be necessary to enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to protect our technology and to adequately maintain and protect our intellectual property rights, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the additional expense, time and effort required to create the innovative products that have enabled us to be successful to date.
CONTENT_22:
Our software license agreements typically contain provisions permitting the customer to become a party to, or a beneficiary of, a source code escrow agreement under which we place the proprietary source code for our applicable products in escrow with a third party. Under these escrow agreements, the source code to the applicable product may be released to the customer, typically for its use to maintain, modify and enhance the product, upon the occurrence of specified events, such as our filing for bankruptcy, discontinuance of our maintenance services and breaching our representations, warranties or covenants of our agreements with our customers. Additionally, in some cases, customers have the right to request access to our source code upon demand. Some of our customers have obtained the source code for certain of our products by exercising this right, and others may do so in the future.Disclosing the content of our source code may limit the intellectual property protection we can obtain or maintain for that source code or the products containing that source code and may facilitate intellectual property infringement claims against us. It also could permit a customer to which a product&#8217;s source code is disclosed to support and maintain that software product without being required to purchase our support or maintenance services. Each of these could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:
Our products are complex and are deployed in a wide variety of network environments. The proper use of our products requires training of the customer. If our products are not used correctly or as intended, inadequate performance may result. Our products may also be intentionally misused or abused by customers or their employees or third parties who are able to access or use our products. Because our customers rely on our products, services and maintenance support to manage a wide range of operations, the incorrect or improper use of our products, our failure to properly train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our products, or our failure to properly provide maintenance services to our customers may result in negative publicity or legal claims against us. Also, as we continue to expand our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services will likely result in lost opportunities for follow-on sales of our products and services.In addition, if there is substantial turnover of customer personnel responsible for use of our products, or if customer personnel are not well trained in the use of our products, customers may defer the deployment of our products, may deploy them in a more limited manner than originally anticipated or may not deploy them at all. Further, if there is substantial turnover of the customer personnel responsible for use of our products, our ability to make additional sales may be substantially limited.
CONTENT_26:
If we or our system integration providers do not effectively assist our customers in deploying our products, succeed in helping our customers quickly resolve post-deployment issues, and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell additional products and services to existing customers would be adversely affected and our reputation with potential customers could be damaged. Once our products are deployed and integrated with our customers&#8217; existing information technology investments and data, our customers may depend on our technical support services and/or the support of system integrators or internal resources to resolve any issues relating to our products. High-quality support is critical for the continued successful marketing and sale of our products. In addition, as we continue to expand our operations internationally, our support organization will face additional challenges, including those associated with delivering support, training and documentation in languages other than English. Many enterprise customers require higher levels of support than smaller customers. If we fail to meet the requirements of our larger customers, it may be more difficult to increase our penetration with larger customers, a key group for the growth of our revenues and profitability. In addition, as we further expand our products to include a cloud-based offering, our professional services and support organization will face new challenges, including hiring, training and integrating a large number of new professional services personnel with experience in delivering high-quality support for cloud-based offerings. Alleviating any of these problems could require significant capital expenditures which could adversely affect our growth prospects. Further, as we continue to rely on 18Table of Contentssystem integrators to provide deployment and on-going services, our ability to ensure a high level of quality in addressing customer issues is diminished. Our failure to maintain high-quality implementation and support services, or to ensure that system integrators provide the same, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
CONTENT_27:
Our future success depends upon our ability to continue to attract, train, integrate and retain highly skilled employees, particularly those on our management team, including Marcus Ryu, one of our co-founders and our current president and chief executive officer, and our sales and marketing personnel, professional services personnel and software engineers. Our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, or delays in hiring required personnel, may seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. U.S. immigration policy is currently being reviewed by the federal government, which may or may not result in significant changes and could hamper our efforts to hire highly skilled foreign employees. If future changes to U.S. immigration policy restrict our access to highly specialized engineers, our business would be adversely impacted.&#32;Any one of our executive officers and other key employees could terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. The loss of any member of our senior management team could significantly delay or prevent us from achieving our business and/or development objectives, and could materially harm our business.We face competition for qualified individuals from numerous software and other technology companies. Competition for qualified personnel is particularly intense in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters are located, though we also face significant competition in all of our domestic and foreign development centers. Further, significant amounts of time and resources are required to train technical, sales, services and other personnel. We may incur significant costs to attract, train and retain such personnel, and we may lose new employees to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment after recruiting and training them.Also, to the extent that we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that such personnel have been improperly solicited or have divulged proprietary or other confidential information. In addition, we have a limited number of sales people and the loss of several sales people within a short period of time could have a negative impact on our sales efforts. We may be unable to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational and managerial requirements, or we may be required to pay increased compensation in order to do so.Our ability to expand geographically depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, retain and integrate managers to lead the local business and employees with the appropriate skills. Similarly, our profitability depends on our ability to effectively utilize personnel with the right mix of skills and experience to perform services for our clients, including our ability to transition employees to new assignments on a timely basis. If we are unable to effectively deploy our employees globally on a timely basis to fulfill the needs of our clients, our reputation could suffer and our ability to attract new clients may be harmed.Because of the technical nature of our products and services and the dynamic market in which we compete, any failure to attract, integrate and retain qualified direct sales, professional services and product development personnel, as well as our contract workers, could harm our ability to generate sales or successfully develop new products, customer and consulting services and enhancements of existing products.
CONTENT_28:
We have experienced consistent growth and expect to continue to expand our operations, among other factors, in the number of employees and in the locations and scope of our international operations. This expansion has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our operational and financial resources and our personnel. To manage our anticipated future operational expansion effectively, we must continue to maintain and may need to enhance our information technology infrastructure, financial and accounting systems and controls and manage expanded operations and employees in geographically distributed locations. For example, in fiscal 2018, we anticipate implementing a new enterprise resource planning system, as well as related revenue recognition modules.  Our growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of new products. If we increase the size of our organization without experiencing an increase in sales of our products and services, we will experience reductions in our gross and operating margins and net income. If we are unable to effectively manage our expanding operations and related system implementations, our expenses may increase more than expected, our revenues could decline or grow more slowly than expected and we may be unable to implement our business strategy.19Table of Contents
CONTENT_29:
We sell our products and services to customers located outside the United States and Canada, and we are continuing to expand our international operations as part of our growth strategy. In fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, $162.1 million, $148.8 million and $134.6 million of our revenues, respectively, were derived from outside of the United States and Canada. Our current international operations and our plans to expand our international operations subject us to a variety of risks, including:&#8226;increased management, travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with having multiple international operations;&#8226;unique terms and conditions in contract negotiations imposed by customers in foreign countries;&#8226;longer payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable;&#8226;the need to localize our products and licensing and subscription programs for international customers;&#8226;lack of familiarity with and unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements;&#8226;increased exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates;&#8226;the burdens and costs of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and legal standards;&#8226;compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (&#8220;FCPA&#8221;), the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption regulations, particularly in emerging market countries;&#8226;compliance by international staff with accounting practices generally accepted in the United States, including adherence to our accounting policies and internal controls; &#8226;import and export license requirements, tariffs, taxes and other trade barriers;&#8226;increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities;&#8226;weaker protection of intellectual property rights in some countries;&#8226;multiple and possibly overlapping tax regimes; &#8226;government sanctions that may interfere with our ability to sell into particular countries, such as Russia; and&#8226;political, social and economic instability abroad, terrorist attacks and security concerns in general.As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. Any of these risks could harm our international operations and reduce our international sales, adversely affecting our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
CONTENT_30:
The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. Although we believe our operating activities act as a natural hedge for a substantial portion of our foreign currency exposure at the cash flow or operating income level because we typically collect revenues and incur costs in the currency in the location in which we provide our application, our contracts with our customers are long term in nature so it is difficult to predict if our operating activities will provide a natural hedge in the future. In addition, because our contracts are characterized by large annual payments, significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that coincide with annual payments may affect our revenues or financial results in such quarter. Our results of operations may also be impacted by transaction gains or losses related to revaluing certain current asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded.  Moreover, significant and unforeseen changes in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to fail to achieve our stated projections for revenue and operating income, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price.  We will continue to experience fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which, if material, may harm our revenues or results of operations.
CONTENT_31:
Our current and predominant business model does not significantly collect and transfer personal information from our customers to us, however, as adoption of our cloud-based services occurs, the amount of customer data we manage, hold and/or collect will increase significantly.  In addition, a limited number of our product solutions may collect, process, store, and use transaction-level data aggregated across insurers using our common data model.&#160; We anticipate that over time we will expand the use and collection of personal information as greater amounts of such personal information may be transferred from our customers to us and we recognize that personal privacy has become a significant issue in the United States, Europe, and many other jurisdictions where we operate. Many federal, state, and foreign legislatures and government agencies have imposed or are considering imposing restrictions and requirements about the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. Changes to laws or regulations affecting privacy could impose additional costs and liabilities on us and could limit our use of such information to add value for customers. If we were required to change our business activities or revise or eliminate services, 20Table of Contentsor to implement burdensome compliance measures, our business and results of operations could be harmed. In addition, we may be subject to fines, penalties, and potential litigation if we fail to comply with applicable privacy and/or data security laws, regulations, standards and other requirements. The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by privacy-related laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our product solutions and reduce overall demand.Furthermore, concerns regarding data privacy and/or security may cause our customers&#8217; customers to resist providing the data and information necessary to allow our customers to use our product solutions effectively. Even the perception that the privacy and/or security of personal information is not satisfactorily managed, or does not meet applicable legal, regulatory and other requirements, could inhibit sales of our products or services, and could limit adoption of our solutions, resulting in a negative impact on our sales and results from operations.
CONTENT_32:

CONTENT_33:

CONTENT_34:
Preparing our consolidated financial statements involves a number of complex manual and automated processes, which are dependent upon individual data input or review and require significant management judgment. One or more of these elements may result in errors that may not be detected and could result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#8220;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&#8221;) requires, among other things, that as a publicly-traded company we disclose whether our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures are effective.If a material misstatement occurs in the future, we may fail to meet our future reporting obligations.  For example, we may fail to file periodic reports in a timely manner or may need to restate our financial results, either of which may cause the price of our common stock to decline. Any failure of our internal controls could also adversely affect the results of the periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that are required under Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial fraud. Furthermore, transition in enterprise resource planning or other major operational systems could impact the timely generation of our financial statements. In fiscal 2017, we began implementing a new financial management system, as well as applications to help us manage the recognition of our revenues under a new standard.  We currently anticipate completing implementation of these applications by the third quarter of fiscal year 2018. If as a result of implementing this new system or otherwise, we cannot provide timely reliable financial reports, our business and results of operations could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our stock could drop significantly.
CONTENT_35:
We are subject to federal, state and local income taxes in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates and the value of our deferred tax assets could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws. In addition, we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from such examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Although we believe we have made appropriate provisions for taxes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, changes in the tax laws or challenges from tax authorities under existing tax laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_36:
We may need additional financing to execute on our current or future business strategies, including to develop new or enhance existing products and services, acquire businesses and technologies, or otherwise to respond to competitive pressures.If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders could be significantly diluted, and newly-issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If we accumulate additional funds through debt financing, a substantial portion of our operating cash 22Table of Contentsflow may be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness, thus limiting funds available for our business activities. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, when we desire them, our ability to fund our operations, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop or enhance our products and services, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. Any of these factors could harm our results of operations.
CONTENT_37:
Our corporate headquarters and the majority of our operations are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, tsunami, fire or a flood, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our information technology systems are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering.  To the extent that such disruptions result in delays or cancellations of customer orders or collections, or the deployment of our products, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected.
CONTENT_38:
The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, the risk factors described in this report, and other factors beyond our control, such as fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us and research analyst coverage about our business.Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, have and may continue to affect the market price of our common stock.In the past, many companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may become the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.
CONTENT_39:
We currently do not plan to declare dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, the only opportunity to achieve a return on investment in our company will be if the market price of our common stock appreciates and shares are sold at a profit.
CONTENT_40:
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions may also prevent or delay attempts by stockholders to replace or remove our current management or members of our board of directors. These provisions include:&#8226;providing for a classified board of directors with staggered three-year terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors;&#8226;not providing for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates;&#8226;authorizing our board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock rights senior to those of common stock, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer;&#8226;prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders;&#8226;limiting the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders, which could delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and&#8226;requiring advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer&#8217;s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us.23Table of ContentsThe affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66&#160;2/3% of our shares of capital stock entitled to vote is generally necessary to amend or repeal the above provisions that are contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Also, absent approval of our board of directors, our amended and restated bylaws may only be amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 50% of our shares of capital stock entitled to vote.In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section&#160;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15% or more of our outstanding common stock, from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of substantially all of our stockholders for a certain period of time.These and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and under Delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock in the future and result in the market price being lower than it would be without these provisions.24<div
