HEADER_1:
In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks and investors may lose all or part of their investment. This section should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
HEADER_2:
The Global economic conditions and the cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry have reduced demand for our products which in turn caused us to operate unprofitably in the past and caused reductions in available cash, and may, in the future, negatively impact our financial performance.
HEADER_3:
Our largest customers account for a substantial portion of our net revenues, and our net revenues would materially decline if one or more of these customers were to purchase significantly fewer of our systems.
HEADER_4:
We rely on a limited number of outside suppliers and subcontractors to manufacture certain components and subassemblies, and on single or a limited group of outside suppliers for certain materials for our products, which could result in a potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of required components due to the suppliers' failure or inability to provide such components in a timely manner, or at all, and reduced control over pricing and timely delivery of components and materials, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_5:
Some of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater resources than we do, and increased competition could impair sales of our products.
HEADER_6:
Because of the high cost of switching equipment vendors in our markets, it may be difficult for us to attract customers from our competitors even if our metrology systems are superior to theirs. 
HEADER_7:
We depend on Original Equipment Manufacturers (“OEMs”) for sales of our integrated metrology systems, and the loss of our OEMs as customers could harm our business.
HEADER_8:
We are subject to order and shipment uncertainties. Our profitability will decline if we fail to accurately forecast customer demand when managing inventory. 
HEADER_9:
If we do not manage our supply chain effectively, our operating results may be adversely affected.
HEADER_10:
If we choose to acquire new and complementary businesses, or products or technologies instead of developing them ourselves, we may be unable to complete these acquisitions or may not be able to successfully integrate an acquired business in a cost-effective and non-disruptive manner.
HEADER_11:
Our success depends on the performance of key personnel, including our senior management and on our ability to identify, hire and retain key management personnel.
HEADER_12:
If we deliver systems with defects, our credibility will be harmed, revenue from, and market acceptance of, our systems will decrease and we could expend significant capital and resources as a result of such defects.
HEADER_13:
If we experience significant delays in shipping our products to our customers, our business and reputation may suffer.
HEADER_14:
Net average selling prices of our products may decrease over time, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues. 
HEADER_15:
Third party infringement claims could be costly to defend, and successful infringement claims by third parties could result in substantial damages, lost product sales and the loss of important intellectual property rights by us.
HEADER_16:
Our intellectual property may be infringed by third parties despite our efforts to protect it, which could threaten our future success and competitive position and harm our operating results.
HEADER_17:
Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may be less effective in some foreign countries where intellectual property rights are not as well protected as in the United States.
HEADER_18:
Variations in the amount of time it takes for us to sell our systems may cause volatility in our operating results, which could cause our stock price to decline.
HEADER_19:
Relatively small fluctuations in our system sales volume may cause our operating results to vary significantly each quarter.
HEADER_20:
Lack of market acceptance for our products may affect our ability to generate revenue and may harm our business.
HEADER_21:
We depend on new products and processes for our success. Consequently, we are subject to risks associated with rapid technological change.
HEADER_22:
We are subject to risks associated with our competitors’ strategic relationships and their introduction of new products,  and we may lack the financial resources or technological capabilities of certain of our competitors needed to capture increased market share.
HEADER_23:
If we are unable to adjust the scale of our business in response to rapid changes in demand in the semiconductor equipment industry, our operating results and our ability to compete successfully may be impaired.
HEADER_24:
We manufacture all of our systems at a limited number of facilities, and any prolonged disruption in the operations of those facilities could reduce our revenues. 
HEADER_25:
Our results of operations could vary as a result of the methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies.
HEADER_26:
Our operating results have varied in the past and probably will continue to vary significantly in the future, which will cause volatility in our stock price.
HEADER_27:
We are highly dependent on international sales and operations, which exposes us to foreign political and economic risks.
HEADER_28:
Changes in our effective income tax rate could affect our results of operations.
HEADER_29:
We are exposed to fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates.
HEADER_30:
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect the trading price of our common stock.
HEADER_31:
We may experience periodic or prolonged disruption of our IT infrastructure, which may adversely affect our operations
HEADER_32:
Our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments are managed through various banks around the world and volatility in the capital and credit market conditions could cause financial institutions to fail which could have an adverse effect on our ability to timely access funds.
HEADER_33:
If our network security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer's data, to our data, or to our information technology systems, we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities.
HEADER_34:
We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and may harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_35:
Compliance with federal securities laws, rules and regulations, as well as NASDAQ requirements, is becoming increasingly complex, and the significant attention and expense we must devote to those areas may have an adverse impact on our business.
HEADER_36:
 We may be exposed to liabilities under the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws, and any determination that we violated these laws could have a material  adverse effect on our business.
HEADER_37:
Recent regulations related to conflict minerals could adversely impact our business.
