HEADER_1:
The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
HEADER_3:
If our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers, or third-party service partners, are breached, and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer’s data, our data or our IT systems, our services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our services, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities.
HEADER_4:
Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability.
HEADER_5:
Interruptions or delays in services from our third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business.
HEADER_6:
Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet by third parties.
HEADER_7:
Privacy concerns and laws, evolving regulation of cloud computing, cross-border data transfer restrictions and other domestic or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_8:
Industry-specific regulation and other requirements and standards are evolving and unfavorable industry-specific laws, regulations, interpretive positions or standards could harm our business.
HEADER_9:
The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_10:
As we acquire and invest in companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the market value of our common stock.
HEADER_11:
We are subject to risks associated with our strategic investments. Other-than-temporary impairments in the value of our investments could negatively impact our financial results. 
HEADER_12:
Our quarterly results are likely to fluctuate and our stock price and the value of our common stock could decline substantially.
HEADER_13:
If we experience significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts, our results could be harmed.
HEADER_14:
Our efforts to expand our services beyond the CRM market and to develop our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate and harm our business.
HEADER_15:
Sales to customers outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international operations.
HEADER_16:
Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription, downturns or upturns in new business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results.
HEADER_17:
If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our services or reduce the number of paying subscriptions at the time of renewal, our revenue will decline and our business will suffer. If we cannot accurately predict subscription renewals or upgrade rates, we may not meet our revenue targets, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
HEADER_18:
If the market for our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services develops more slowly than we expect, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_19:
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows from changes in the value of the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies. 
HEADER_20:
Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan.
HEADER_21:
As more of our sales efforts are targeted at larger enterprise customers, our sales cycle may become more time-consuming and expensive, we may encounter pricing pressure and implementation and customization challenges, and we may have to delay revenue recognition for some complex transactions, all of which could harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_22:
We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties for various claims including alleged infringement of proprietary rights.
HEADER_23:
Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand.
HEADER_24:
Our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands.
HEADER_25:
We may lose key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, and may be unable to attract and retain employees we need to support our operations and growth.
HEADER_26:
Any failure in our delivery of high-quality technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results.
HEADER_27:
Periodic changes to our sales organization can be disruptive and may reduce our rate of growth.
HEADER_28:
Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities may impact our financial results.
HEADER_29:
Our debt service obligations and operating lease commitments may adversely affect our financial condition and cash flows from operations.
HEADER_30:
Weakened global economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations.
HEADER_31:
Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could materially adversely affect us.
HEADER_32:
Current and future accounting pronouncements and other financial reporting standards, especially but not only concerning revenue recognition, cost capitalization and lease accounting, may negatively impact our financial results.
HEADER_33:
We may be subject to risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations.
HEADER_34:
We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws.
HEADER_35:
Risks Relating to Our Convertible Senior Notes and Our Common Stock
HEADER_36:
The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could subject us to litigation.
HEADER_37:
We may issue additional shares of our common stock or instruments convertible into shares of our common stock, including in connection with the conversion of the notes, and thereby materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the trading price of the notes.
HEADER_38:
We may not have the ability to pay the amount of cash due upon conversion of the notes or the fundamental change purchase price due when a holder submits its notes for purchase upon the occurrence of a fundamental change.
HEADER_39:
The fundamental change provisions of the notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of us.
HEADER_40:
The convertible note hedges and warrant transactions may affect the trading price of the notes and the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_41:
We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions.
HEADER_42:
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock.
