HEADER_1:
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk.  You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making any investment decision with respect to our securities.  The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face.  If any of the risks actually occur, our business could be materially and adversely affected.  In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry
HEADER_4:
Our business depends on a strong and trusted brand, and any failure to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand would hurt our business.
HEADER_5:
As our revenue has increased, our growth rate has slowed. Future revenue growth depends on our ability to retain existing sellers, attract new sellers, and increase sales to both new and existing sellers.
HEADER_6:
Our business has generated net losses, and we intend to continue to invest substantially in our business. Thus, we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability.
HEADER_7:
We, our sellers, our partners, and others who use our services obtain and process a large amount of sensitive data. Any real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of, or access to such data could harm our reputation as a trusted brand, as well as have a material and adverse effect on our business.
HEADER_8:
Our risk management efforts may not be effective, which could expose us to losses and liability and otherwise harm our business.
HEADER_9:
We derive a significant portion of our revenue from managed payments services. Our efforts to expand our product portfolio and market reach may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth.
HEADER_10:
Our success depends on our ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for payments and point-of-sale, financial, and marketing services, and, if we are not able to implement successful enhancements and new features for our products and services, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
HEADER_11:
Substantial and increasingly intense competition in our industry may harm our business.
HEADER_12:
We are dependent on payment card networks and acquiring processors, and any changes to their rules or practices could harm our business.
HEADER_13:
Our quarterly results of operations and operating metrics fluctuate significantly and are unpredictable and subject to seasonality, which could result in the trading price of our Class A common stock being unpredictable or declining.
HEADER_14:
We depend on key management, as well as our experienced and capable employees, and any failure to attract, motivate, and retain our employees could harm our ability to maintain and grow our business.
HEADER_15:
If we do not continue to improve our operational, financial and other internal controls and systems to manage growth effectively, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_16:
A deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results.
HEADER_17:
Expanding our business globally could subject us to new challenges and risks. 
HEADER_18:
We rely on third parties and their systems for a variety of services, including the processing of transaction data and settlement of funds to us and our sellers, and these third parties’ failure to perform these services adequately could materially and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_19:
Our services must integrate with a variety of operating systems, and the hardware that enables merchants to accept payment cards must interoperate with third-party mobile devices utilizing those operating systems. If we are unable to ensure that our 
HEADER_20:
services or hardware interoperate with such operating systems and devices, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
HEADER_21:
Many of our key components are procured from a single or limited number of suppliers. Thus, we are at risk of shortage, price increases, changes, delay, or discontinuation of key components, which could disrupt and materially and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_22:
Our business could be harmed if we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our products and to adequately manage our product inventory.
HEADER_23:
Our products and services may not function as intended due to errors in our software, hardware, and systems, product defects, or due to security breaches or human error in administering these systems, which could materially and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_24:
Systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services, or those of our sellers, could harm our business and our brand, and subject us to substantial liability.
HEADER_25:
The loss or destruction of a private key required to access a bitcoin may be irreversible. If we are unable to access our private keys or if we experience a hack or other data loss relating to the bitcoins we hold on behalf of customers, our customers may be unable to access their bitcoins and it could harm customer trust in us and our products.
HEADER_26:
Square Capital is subject to additional risks relating to the availability of capital, seller payments, availability and structure of its bank partnership, expansion of its products, and general macroeconomic conditions.
HEADER_27:
Our business is subject to extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas, all of which are subject to change and uncertain interpretation.
HEADER_28:
Our business is subject to complex and evolving regulations and oversight related to our provision of payments services and other financial services.
HEADER_29:
We are subject to risks related to litigation, including intellectual property claims, and regulatory matters or disputes.
HEADER_30:
Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand.
HEADER_31:
We may not be able to secure financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs.
HEADER_32:
Servicing our Notes may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash or the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes in cash, repay the Notes at maturity or repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Notes.
HEADER_33:
Any acquisitions, strategic investments, entries into new businesses, divestitures, and other transactions could fail to achieve strategic objectives, disrupt our ongoing operations, and harm our business.
HEADER_34:
Our reported financial results may be materially and adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
HEADER_35:
If currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially in the future, our financial results, which are reported in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected.
HEADER_36:
We may have exposure to greater-than-anticipated tax liabilities, which may materially and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_37:
Federal income tax reform could have unforeseen effects on our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_38:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
HEADER_39:
The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control within our stockholders who held our stock prior to our initial public offering, including many of our employees and directors and their affiliates; this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters.
HEADER_40:
We will continue to incur significantly increased costs and devote substantial management time as a result of operating as a public company.
HEADER_41:
If we are unable to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and the market price of our Class A common stock may be materially and adversely affected.
HEADER_42:
The market price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
HEADER_43:
The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of our Class A common stock.
HEADER_44:
Anti-takeover provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws, and provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt.
HEADER_45:
Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.
HEADER_46:
If securities or industry analysts publish reports that are interpreted negatively by the investment community, publish negative research reports about our business, or cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, our share price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_47:
We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
HEADER_48:
Additional stock issuances could result in significant dilution to our stockholders.
