HEADER_1:
Fluctuations in our operating results may cause our stock price to decline.
HEADER_2:
Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our financial results.
HEADER_3:
We face aggressive competition in each of our operating divisions. If we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed.
HEADER_4:
The September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, subsequent attacks in other locations worldwide and the creation of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security have increased financial expectations that may not materialize.
HEADER_5:
If operators of, or algorithms installed in, our security and inspection systems fail to detect weapons, explosives or other devices or materials that are used to commit a terrorist act, we could be exposed to product and professional liability and related claims for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage.
HEADER_6:
‑terrorism by Fostering Effective Technologies Act of 2002 (SAFETY Act) may not shield us against all legal claims we may face following an act of terrorism.
HEADER_7:
Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all significant risk exposures.
HEADER_8:
Our patient monitoring, cardiology and anesthesia systems could give rise to product liability claims and product recall events that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_9:
If we are unable to sustain high quality processes for the manufacture and delivery of goods and services, our reputation could be harmed, our competitive advantage could erode and we could incur significant costs.
HEADER_10:
As a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to extensive federal procurement rules and regulations as well as contractual obligations that are unique to doing business with the U.S. Government. Non
HEADER_11:
‑compliance with any such rules, regulations or contractual obligations could negatively affect current programs, potential awards and our ability to do business with the U.S. Government in the future.
HEADER_12:
The loss of certain of our customers, including government agencies that can modify or terminate agreements more easily than other commercial customers with which we contract, the failure to continue to diversify our customer base or the non-renewal of certain material contracts could have a negative effect on our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_13:
Our revenues are dependent on orders of security and inspection systems, turnkey security screening solutions and patient monitoring, cardiology and anesthesia systems, which may have lengthy and unpredictable sales cycles.
HEADER_14:
Current economic conditions, including the slow pace of recovery from recession in the United States and other parts of the world, as well as further disruptions in the financial markets could result in substantial declines in our revenues, earnings, cash flows and financial condition.
HEADER_15:
If we fail to perform on our existing agreements to provide security screening solutions to customers after expending substantial resources, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_16:
If we do not introduce new products in a timely manner, our products could become obsolete and our operating results would suffer.
HEADER_17:
Interruptions in our ability to purchase raw materials and subcomponents may adversely affect our profitability.
HEADER_18:
Delays by the construction firms we engage may interfere with our ability to complete projects on time.
HEADER_19:
We contract with third party service vendors who may be unable to fulfill contracts on time.
HEADER_20:
We have the potential to accumulate excess inventory.
HEADER_21:
We may not be able to successfully implement our acquisitions and investment strategies, integrate acquired businesses into our existing business or make acquired businesses profitable.
HEADER_22:
Our acquisition and alliance activities could disrupt our ongoing business.
HEADER_23:
Acquisition and alliance activities by our competitors could disrupt our ongoing business.
HEADER_24:
Our ability to successfully adapt to ongoing organizational changes could impact our business results.
HEADER_25:
Economic, political, legal, operational and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our financial performance.
HEADER_26:
We are facing an increasingly complex international regulatory environment which is constantly changing and if we fail to comply with international regulatory requirements, or are unable to comply with changes to such requirements, our financial performance may be harmed.
HEADER_27:
Our global operations expose us to legal compliance risks related to certain anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws.
HEADER_28:
We are subject to import and export controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets.
HEADER_29:
There are inherent risks associated with operations in Mexico.
HEADER_30:
Our operations are vulnerable to interruption or loss due to natural disasters, epidemics, terrorist acts and other events beyond our control, which could adversely impact our operations.
HEADER_31:
Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property rights, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products.
HEADER_32:
Our ongoing success is dependent upon the continued availability of certain key employees.
HEADER_33:
Healthcare cost containment pressures and legislative or regulatory reforms may affect our ability to sell our products profitably.
HEADER_34:
Substantial government regulation in the United States and abroad may restrict our ability to sell our patient monitoring, cardiology and anesthesia systems, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations may have a material adverse impact on our business.
HEADER_35:
Changes in laws affecting the healthcare industry could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
HEADER_36:
We must continually monitor the performance of our products once approved and marketed for signs that their use may elicit serious and unexpected adverse effects. Any recall of our products, either voluntarily or at the direction of the FDA or another governmental authority, or the discovery of serious safety issues with our products that leads to corrective actions, could have a significant adverse impact on us.
HEADER_37:
We may be subject to fines, penalties, injunctions or other enforcement actions if we are determined to be promoting the use of our products for unapproved or “off
HEADER_38:
‑label” uses, resulting in damage to our reputation and business.
HEADER_39:
We are subject to additional federal, state and foreign laws and regulations relating to our healthcare business; our failure to comply with those laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
HEADER_40:
Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.
HEADER_41:
Technological advances and evolving industry and regulatory standards and certifications could reduce our future product sales, which could cause our revenues to grow more slowly or decline.
HEADER_42:
We are subject to various environmental regulations which may impose liability on us whether or not we knew of or caused the release of hazardous substances on or in our facilities.
HEADER_43:
A failure of a key information technology system, process or site could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct business.
HEADER_44:
Increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, services and data. 
HEADER_45:
We receive significant amounts of research and development funding for our security and inspection systems from government grants and contracts, but we may not continue to receive comparable levels of funding in the future.
HEADER_46:
Certain of our U.S. Government contracts are dependent upon our employees obtaining and maintaining required security clearances, as well as our ability to obtain security clearances for the facilities in which we perform sensitive government work.
HEADER_47:
We are involved in various litigation matters, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.
HEADER_48:
Our credit facility contains provisions that could restrict our ability to finance our future operations or engage in other business activities that may be in our interest.
HEADER_49:
Changes in our tax rates could affect our future financial results.
HEADER_50:
Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could materially affect our financial position and results of operations.
HEADER_51:
If goodwill or other intangible assets in connection with our acquisitions become impaired, we could take significant non-cash charges against earnings.
HEADER_52:
Our Certificate of Incorporation and other agreements contain provisions that could discourage a takeover.
HEADER_53:
Our Certificate of Incorporation limits the liability of our directors, which may limit the remedies we or our stockholders have available.
HEADER_54:
New regulations related to conflict minerals may force us to incur additional expenses, may make our supply chain more complex and may result in damage to our relationships with customers.
HEADER_55:
ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENT
