HEADER_1:
Item  1A.  Risk Factors.
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_3:
We depend on our ability to access data from external sources to maintain and grow our businesses. If we are unable to access needed data from these sources or if the prices charged for these services increase, the quality, pricing and availability of our products and services may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_4:
Our clients and we are subject to various governmental regulations, and a failure to comply with government regulations or changes in these regulations could result in penalties, restrict or limit our or our clients' operations or make it more burdensome to conduct such operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
HEADER_5:
Regulatory developments with respect to use of consumer data and public records could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_6:
If we are unable to protect our information systems against data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, or if we are unable to provide adequate security in the electronic transmission of sensitive data, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_7:
We rely on our top ten clients for a significant portion of our revenue and profit, which makes us susceptible to the same macro-economic and regulatory factors that our clients face. If these clients are negatively impacted by current economic or regulatory conditions or otherwise experience financial hardship or stress, or if the terms of our relationships with these clients change, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
HEADER_8:
Systems interruptions may impair the delivery of our products and services, causing potential client and revenue loss.
HEADER_9:
our revenue from clients in the mortgage, consumer lending and real estate industries is affected by the strength of the economy and the housing market generally, including the volume of real estate transactions, a negative change in any of these conditions could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_10:
Our acquisition and integration of businesses may involve increased expenses, and may not produce the desired financial or operating results contemplated at the time of the transaction.
HEADER_11:
 We operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
HEADER_12:
Our reliance on outsourcing arrangements subjects us to risk and may disrupt or adversely affect our operations. In addition, we may not realize the full benefit of our outsourcing arrangements, which may result in increased costs, or may adversely affect our service levels for our clients.
HEADER_13:
Our international service providers and our own international operations subject us to additional risks, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and may impair our ability to operate effectively.
HEADER_14:
We rely upon proprietary technology and information rights, and if we are unable to protect our rights, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed.
HEADER_15:
If our products or services are found to infringe on the proprietary rights of others, we may be required to change our business practices and may also become subject to significant costs and monetary penalties.
HEADER_16:
Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from complying with our covenants and obligations under our outstanding debt instruments. Further, the instruments governing our indebtedness subject us to various restrictions that could limit our operating flexibility.
HEADER_17:
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our outstanding debt instruments, which may not be successful.
HEADER_18:
We may not be able to attract and retain qualified management or develop current management to assist in or lead company growth, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain or expand our product and service offerings.
HEADER_19:
We have substantial investments in recorded goodwill as a result of prior acquisitions and an impairment of these investments would require a write-down that would reduce our net income.
HEADER_20:
We may not be able to effectively achieve our cost-containment or growth strategies, which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
HEADER_21:
We share responsibility with First American for certain income tax liabilities for tax periods prior to and including the date of the Separation.
HEADER_22:
If certain transactions, including internal transactions, undertaken in anticipation of the Separation are determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we, our stockholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax and FAFC will incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities.
HEADER_23:
In connection with the Separation, we entered into a number of agreements with FAFC setting forth rights and obligations of the parties post-Separation. In addition, certain provisions of these agreements provide protection to FAFC in the event of a change of control of us, which could reduce the likelihood of a potential change of control that our stockholders may consider favorable.
