HEADER_1:
Risks Associated with the Merger
HEADER_2:
There are risks and uncertainties associated with the Merger with Lam Research Corporation.
HEADER_3:
Several lawsuits have been filed against Lam Research and us challenging the Merger and an adverse ruling may prevent the Merger from being completed.
HEADER_4:
The Merger is subject to the receipt of consents and clearances from domestic and foreign regulatory authorities that may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on Lam Research, KLA-Tencor or the combined company or, if not obtained, could prevent completion of the Merger.
HEADER_5:
Risks Associated with Our Industry 
HEADER_6:
Ongoing changes in the technology industry, as well as the semiconductor industry in particular, could expose our business to significant risks. 
HEADER_7:
We are exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated customer base.
HEADER_8:
The semiconductor equipment industry is highly cyclical. The purchasing decisions of our customers are highly dependent on the economies of both the local markets in which they are located and the semiconductor industry worldwide. If we fail to respond to industry cycles, our business could be seriously harmed.
HEADER_9:
Risks Related to Our Business Model and Capital Structure
HEADER_10:
If we do not develop and introduce new products and technologies in a timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements, our business could be seriously harmed.
HEADER_11:
Our success is dependent in part on our technology and other proprietary rights. If we are unable to maintain our lead or protect our proprietary technology, we may lose valuable assets.
HEADER_12:
Our future performance depends, in part, upon our ability to continue to compete successfully worldwide.
HEADER_13:
Our business would be harmed if we do not receive parts sufficient in number and performance to meet our production requirements and product specifications in a timely and cost-effective manner.
HEADER_14:
If we fail to operate our business in accordance with our business plan, our operating results, business and stock price may be significantly and adversely impacted.
HEADER_15:
Our outstanding indebtedness was substantially increased in the second quarter of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 and, as a result, our capital structure is more highly leveraged.
HEADER_16:
Our leveraged capital structure may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and net income per share.
HEADER_17:
There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends at all or in any particular amounts.
HEADER_18:
We are exposed to risks related to our commercial terms and conditions, including our indemnification of third parties, as well as the performance of our products.
HEADER_19:
There are risks associated with our receipt of government funding for research and development.
HEADER_20:
We have recorded significant restructuring, inventory write-off and asset impairment charges in the past and may do so again in the future, which could have a material negative impact on our business.
HEADER_21:
We are exposed to risks related to our financial arrangements with respect to receivables factoring and banking arrangements.
HEADER_22:
We are subject to the risks of additional government actions in the event we were to breach the terms of any settlement arrangement into which we have entered.
HEADER_23:
General Commercial, Operational, Financial and Regulatory Risks
HEADER_24:
We are exposed to risks associated with a weakening in the condition of the financial markets and the global economy.
HEADER_25:
A majority of our annual revenues are derived from outside the United States, and we maintain significant operations outside the United States. We are exposed to numerous risks as a result of the international nature of our business and operations.
HEADER_26:
We might be involved in claims or disputes related to intellectual property or other confidential information that may be costly to resolve, prevent us from selling or using the challenged technology and seriously harm our operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_27:
We are exposed to various risks related to the legal (including environmental), regulatory and tax environments in which we perform our operations and conduct our business.
HEADER_28:
Regulations related to “conflict minerals” may force us to incur additional expenses, may result in damage to our business reputation and may adversely impact our ability to conduct our business.
HEADER_29:
We depend on key personnel to manage our business effectively, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our key employees, our sales and product development could be harmed.
HEADER_30:
We outsource a number of services to third-party service providers, which decreases our control over the performance of these functions. Disruptions or delays at our third-party service providers could adversely impact our operations.
HEADER_31:
We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and cyber incidents.
HEADER_32:
We rely upon certain critical information systems for our daily business operations. Our inability to use or access our information systems at critical points in time could unfavorably impact our business operations.
HEADER_33:
Acquisitions are an important element of our strategy but, because of the uncertainties involved, we may not find suitable acquisition candidates and we may not be able to successfully integrate and manage acquired businesses. We are also exposed to risks in connection with strategic alliances into which we may enter.
HEADER_34:
Disruption of our manufacturing facilities or other operations, or in the operations of our customers, due to earthquake, flood, other natural catastrophic events, health epidemics or terrorism could result in cancellation of orders, delays in deliveries or other business activities, or loss of customers and could seriously harm our business.
HEADER_35:
We are predominantly uninsured for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist acts and acts of war. If international political instability continues or increases, our business and results of operations could be harmed.
HEADER_36:
We self-insure certain risks including earthquake risk. If one or more of the uninsured events occurs, we could suffer major financial loss.
HEADER_37:
We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Although we hedge certain currency risks, we may still be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates or declining economic conditions in these countries.
HEADER_38:
We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and the market values of our portfolio investments; impairment of our investments could harm our earnings. In addition, we and our stockholders are exposed to risks related to the volatility of the market for our common stock.
HEADER_39:
We are exposed to risks in connection with tax and regulatory compliance audits in various jurisdictions.
HEADER_40:
A change in our effective tax rate can have a significant adverse impact on our business.
HEADER_41:
Compliance with federal securities laws, rules and regulations, as well as NASDAQ requirements, is becoming increasingly complex, and the significant attention and expense we must devote to those areas may have an adverse impact on our business.
HEADER_42:
A change in accounting standards or practices or a change in existing taxation rules or practices (or changes in interpretations of such standards, practices or rules) can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective.
