HEADER_1:
Our business is intensely competitive and “hit” driven. If we do not deliver “hit” products and services, or if consumers prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own, our operating results could suffer.
HEADER_2:
Our operating results will be adversely affected if we do not consistently meet our product development schedules or if key events, sports seasons or movies that we tie our product release schedules to are delayed, cancelled or poorly received.
HEADER_3:
Our business is dependent on the success and availability of platforms developed by third parties, as well as our ability to develop commercially successful products and services for these platforms.
HEADER_4:
Technology changes rapidly in our business and if we fail to anticipate or successfully implement new technologies in our games or adopt new business strategies, distribution technologies or methods, the quality, timeliness and competitiveness of our products and services may suffer.
HEADER_5:
Security breaches and cyber threats could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_6:
We may experience outages and disruptions of our online services that may harm our business.
HEADER_7:
Our business is subject to currency fluctuations.
HEADER_8:
Declines or fluctuations in the recurring portion of our business may have a negative impact on our financial and operating results.
HEADER_9:
Our adoption of new business models could fail to produce our desired financial returns.
HEADER_10:
If we are unable to maintain or acquire licenses to include intellectual property owned by others in our games, or to maintain or acquire the rights to publish or distribute games developed by others, our business may be harmed.
HEADER_11:
If external game developers fail to meet product development schedules or are unable to honor their obligations to us, our financial results may be harmed.
HEADER_12:
Our business could be adversely affected if our consumer protection, data privacy and security practices are not adequate, or perceived as being inadequate, to prevent data breaches, or by the application of consumer protection and data privacy and security laws generally.
HEADER_13:
Negative player perceptions about our brands, products, services and/or business practices may damage our business and the costs incurred in addressing player concerns may increase our operating expenses.
HEADER_14:
If we release defective products or services, our operating results could suffer.
HEADER_15:
During console system transition periods, our operating results have been volatile.  Any inability to offset declining sales from legacy generation consoles could negatively impact our operating results.
HEADER_16:
Our business is subject to regulation and the adoption of proposed legislation we oppose could negatively impact our business.
HEADER_17:
If we do not continue to attract and retain key personnel, we will be unable to effectively conduct our business.
HEADER_18:
If our marketing and advertising efforts fail to resonate with our customers, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_19:
A significant portion of our sales are made to a relatively small number of customers, and disruptions to sales through these customers could negatively impact our business.
HEADER_20:
Our channel partners have significant influence over the products and services that we offer on their platforms.
HEADER_21:
Our business is subject to risks generally associated with the entertainment industry, any of which could significantly harm our operating results.
HEADER_22:
We rely on business partners in many areas of our business and our business may be harmed if they are unable to honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk.
HEADER_23:
We may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, which could harm our business.
HEADER_24:
From time to time we may become involved in other legal proceedings, which could adversely affect us.
HEADER_25:
Acquisitions, investments, divestitures and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties and other negative consequences.
HEADER_26:
Our products and brands are subject to the threat of piracy, unauthorized copying and other forms of intellectual property infringement.
HEADER_27:
We may experience outages and disruptions of our infrastructure that may harm our business.
HEADER_28:
We utilize debt financing and such indebtedness could adversely impact our business and financial condition.
HEADER_29:
Changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.
HEADER_30:
Our reported financial results could be adversely affected by changes in
HEADER_31:
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
HEADER_32:
Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly.
