HEADER_1:
TEM 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
Fluctuations in our operating results on a quarterly and annual basis could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline.
HEADER_3:
Achieving design wins is sub
HEADER_4:
ject to lengthy competitive selection processes that require us to incur significant costs. Even if we begin a product design, a customer may decide to cancel or change its product plans, resulting in no revenue from such expenditures.
HEADER_5:
If we fail to develop and introduce new or enhanced solutions on a timely basis, our ability to attract and retain customers could be impaired and our competitive position could be harmed.
HEADER_6:
We do not have long-term supply contracts with our third-p
HEADER_7:
arty manufacturing vendors, and they may not allocate sufficient capacity to us at reasonable prices to meet future demands for our solutions.
HEADER_8:
If we do not sustain our growth rate, we may not be able to execute our business plan and our operati
HEADER_9:
ng results could suffer.
HEADER_10:
We may experience difficulties demonstrating the value to customers of newer, hig
HEADER_11:
her priced and higher margin solutions if they believe existing solutions are adequate to meet end customer expectations.
HEADER_12:
We outsource our wafer fabrication, assembly and testing operations to third parties, and if these parties fail to produce and deliver our products according to requested demands in specification, quantity, 
HEADER_13:
cost and time, our reputation, customer relationships and operating results could suffer.
HEADER_14:
We rely on third-party vendors to supply software development tools to
HEADER_15:
 us for the development of our new products, and we may be unable to obtain the tools necessary to develop or enhance new or existing products.
HEADER_16:
Third parties’ assertions of infringement of their intellectual property rights co
HEADER_17:
uld result in our having to incur significant costs and cause our operating results to suffer.
HEADER_18:
A breach of our security systems may have a material adverse effect on
HEADER_19:
We, our customers and third-party contractors are subject to increasing
HEADER_20:
ly complex environmental regulations and compliance with these regulations may delay or interrupt our operations and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_21:
Rapidly changing industry standards could make our video and image processing solutions obsolete, which would cause our operating results to suffer.
HEADER_22:
Some of our operations and a significant portion of our customers and our subcontractors are located outside of the United States, which subjects us to additional risks, in
HEADER_23:
cluding increased complexity and costs of managing international operations and geopolitical instability.
HEADER_24:
If our operations are interrupted, our business and reputation could suffer.
HEADER_25:
We may make acquisitions in the future that could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our shareholders, reduce our financial resources and harm our business.
