HEADER_1:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Businesses and Industries
HEADER_3:
We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could be adversely affected. 
HEADER_4:
Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our ongoing businesses.
HEADER_5:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_6:
More people are using devices other than desktop computers to access the Internet and accessing new devices to make search queries. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our search technology, products, or operating systems developed for these devices, our business could be adversely affected. 
HEADER_7:
We generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers or a loss of partners could seriously harm our business.
HEADER_8:
Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future.
HEADER_9:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_10:
We are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. 
HEADER_11:
We are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes. 
HEADER_12:
Acquisitions could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
HEADER_13:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_14:
Our business depends on a strong brand, and failing to maintain and enhance our brand would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, Google Network Members, and other partners. 
HEADER_15:
A variety of new and existing laws could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 
HEADER_16:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_17:
We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property or other claims, which are costly to defend, could result in significant damage awards, and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. 
HEADER_18:
Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand. 
HEADER_19:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_20:
We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content. 
HEADER_21:
Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and services. 
HEADER_22:
If our security measures are breached, or if our services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our products and services, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, users and customers may curtail or stop using our products and services, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure. 
HEADER_23:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_24:
We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could adversely impact our financial results and prospects. 
HEADER_25:
Web spam and content farms could decrease our search quality, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using our products and services. 
HEADER_26:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_27:
Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results.
HEADER_28:
Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
HEADER_29:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_30:
Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations.
HEADER_31:
If we were to lose the services of Larry, Sergey, Eric, Sundar, or other key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy.
HEADER_32:
We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively.
HEADER_33:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_34:
Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may be able to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers.
HEADER_35:
New technologies could block online ads, which would harm our Google business. 
HEADER_36:
We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our investments. 
HEADER_37:
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. 
HEADER_38:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Stock 
HEADER_39:
The trading price for our Class A common stock and non-voting Class C capital stock may continue to be volatile.
HEADER_40:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_41:
We cannot guarantee that our recently announced stock repurchase program will be fully consummated or that our stock repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value, and stock repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our stock and could diminish our cash reserves. 
HEADER_42:
The concentration of our stock ownership limits our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters.
HEADER_43:
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable.
HEADER_44:
Alphabet Inc. and Google Inc.
HEADER_45:
Risks Related to Our Holding Company Reorganization 
HEADER_46:
As a holding company, Alphabet will be dependent on the operations and funds of its subsidiaries.
HEADER_47:
We may not obtain the anticipated benefits of our reorganization into a holding company structure.
