CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:
Our operations and financial performance are dependent on the global economy.  Uncertainty regarding future economic conditions makes it challenging to forecast operating results, make business decisions, and identify risks that may affect our business, sources and uses of cash, financial condition, and results of operations.  Economic concerns, such as uncertain or inconsistent global or regional economic growth, stagnation or contraction, including the pace of economic growth in the United States in comparison to other geographic and economic regions, pressure on economic growth in Europe, uncertain growth prospects in the Asia Pacific region, as well as anxiety regarding geopolitical conflicts and their short and long-term economic impact, increase the uncertainty and unpredictability for our business as consumers, businesses and government agencies periodically and often unpredictably postpone or forego spending.  A global economic downturn or continued erratic or declining business or governmental spending or hiring may reduce sales of our products, increase sales cycles, slow adoption of new technologies, increase price competition, and cause customers and suppliers to default on their financial obligations.Replacement cycles of our Enterprise products are adversely impacted by lower voluntary employee turnover as new headset demand is typically created when employees feel confident enough to change employers or transition to new positions.  While domestic voluntary turnover has improved in recent fiscal periods it remains below historical norms and certain market sectors are actually contracting.  Moreover, slow and inconsistent international business hiring has perpetuated employee reluctance to change jobs, limiting opportunities for unemployed workers to reenter the workforce and, consequently, impeding headset sales.&#32;9Table of ContentsAdditionally, although the nature and extent of austerity measures previously implemented by governments in various countries, including the U.S. and Europe, are less severe in recent fiscal periods, those that remain reduce, demand for our products by affected government agencies and by customers who derive all or a portion of their revenues from these agencies.  Similarly, to the extent uncertainty regarding public debt limits or government budgets, particularly in the U.S and Europe, hinder spending by retail consumers, businesses or government agencies, sales of our products may not grow as much as expected or may decrease or be delayed.  We cannot predict the impact that governmental spending reductions will have on us or our customers or whether and to what extent our business and results of operations may be adversely harmed.Additionally, our customers and suppliers suffer from their own financial and economic challenges.  If global or regional economic conditions deteriorate, whether in general or particular market segments, one or more customers or suppliers may demand pricing accommodations, delay payments or shipments or become insolvent. It is impossible to reliably determine if and to what extent customers and suppliers may suffer, whether we will be required to adjust our prices or the amount we pay for materials and components or face collection issues with customers or if customer or supplier bankruptcies will occur.
CONTENT_3:
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates impact our revenues and profitability because we report our financial statements in USD, whereas a significant portion of our sales are transacted in other currencies, particularly the Euro and the British Pound Sterling ("GBP").  Furthermore, fluctuations in foreign currency rates impact our global pricing strategy, which may result in our lowering or raising selling prices in one or more currencies in order to avoid disparity with USD prices and to respond to currency-driven competitive pricing actions.  For example, the strengthening of the USD against numerous worldwide currencies that accelerated during fiscal year 2015 and the continued strength of the USD throughout fiscal year 2016 negatively impacted our sales, pricing, margins, market share and operations overall.  Should the dollar remain strong against foreign currencies, principally the Euro and the GBP, we may be compelled to raise prices for customers in the affected regions.  Price increases may be unacceptable to our customers who could seek to replace our products with lower priced alternatives in which case our sales and market share may be adversely impacted.  Otherwise, if we reduce prices to stay competitive in the affected regions our profitability may be harmed.  In fiscal year 2016, international revenues were reduced by approximately $27 million, net of the effects of hedging, due to unfavorable foreign exchange fluctuations in the other foreign currencies in which we sell.Large or frequent fluctuations in foreign currency rates, coupled with the ease of identifying global price differences for our products via the Internet, increases pricing pressure as well as the likelihood of additional unauthorized third party &#8220;grey market&#8221; resellers in varying countries who take advantage of price disparities, thereby undermining our premium brand image, established sales channels, and support and operations infrastructure.  We also have significant manufacturing operations in Mexico and fluctuations in the Mexican Peso exchange rate can impact our gross profit and profitability.  Additionally, the majority of our suppliers are located internationally, principally in Asia.  Volatile or sustained increases or decreases in exchange rates of Asian currencies may result in increased costs or reductions in the number of suppliers qualified to meet our standards.Although we hedge currency exchange rates exposures we deem material, changes in exchange rates may nonetheless still have a negative impact on our financial results.  Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation, decisions and actions of central banks and political developments.We hedge a portion of our Euro and GBP forecasted revenue exposures for the future, typically over 12-month periods.  In addition, we hedge a portion of our Mexican Peso forecasted cost of revenues and maintain foreign currency forward contracts denominated in Euros, GBP, and Australian Dollars that hedge against a portion of our foreign-currency denominated assets and liabilities.  Our foreign currency hedging contracts reduce, but do not eliminate, the impact of currency exchange rate movements, particularly if the fluctuations are significant or sustained, and we do not execute hedging contracts in all currencies in which we conduct business.  There is no assurance that our hedging strategies will be effective.  Additionally, even if our hedging techniques are successful in the periods during which the rates are hedged, our future revenues, gross profit, and profitability may be negatively affected both at current rates and by adverse fluctuations in currencies against the USD.  For instance, because our hedging instruments cover a period of up to 24 months, we anticipate that the hedging conducted in fiscal year 2016&#32;will deliver little benefit to offset the stronger U.S. Dollar against major currencies in fiscal year 2017.  See Item 7A for further quantitative information regarding potential foreign currency fluctuations.&#32;10Table of Contents
CONTENT_4:
Given the nature of the markets in which we compete, our revenues and profitability vary from quarter to quarter and are difficult to predict for many reasons, including the following:&#8226;variations in the volume and timing of orders received during each quarter;&#8226;the timing of customers' sales promotions and campaigns;&#8226;the timing of large customer deployments of UC infrastructure; &#8226;the timing of new product introductions by us and our competitors and obsolescence or discontinuance of existing products;&#8226;competition, including pricing pressure, promotions and campaigns by us, our competitors or our customers; &#8226;failure to timely introduce new products within projected costs; &#8226;changes in technology and desired product features, including whether those changes occur in anticipated manners and timeframes;&#8226;general economic conditions in the U.S. and our international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations;&#8226;seasonality; &#8226;customer cancellations and rescheduling;&#8226;fluctuations in raw materials and components costs;&#8226;shifts in product, geographic or channel mix; and&#8226;investments in and the costs associated with new product development and strategic initiatives.Fluctuations in our operating results, including the failure to meet our expectations or the expectations of financial analysts, may cause volatility, including material decreases, in the trading price of our common stock.
CONTENT_5:
Our Enterprise products represent our largest source of revenue, and we regard the market for headsets designed for UC as our greatest long-term opportunity in the Enterprise market.  We believe the implementation of UC technologies by large enterprises will be a significant long-term driver of UC headset adoption, and, as a result, a key long-term driver of our revenue and profit growth.  Accordingly, we continue to invest in the development of new products and enhance existing products to be more appealing in functionality and design for the UC office market; however, there is no guarantee significant UC growth will occur, when it might occur, or that we will successfully take advantage of it if it does occur.Our ability to realize and achieve positive financial results from UC adoption could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the following:&#8226;As UC becomes more widely adopted, competitors may offer solutions that effectively commoditize our headsets, which, in turn, may pressure us to reduce the prices of one or more of our products.&#8226;The market success of major platform providers and strategic partners such as Microsoft Corporation, Cisco Systems, Inc., Avaya, Inc., Alcatel-Lucent, and Huawei, and our influence over such providers with respect to the functionality of their platforms and product offerings, their rate of deployment, and their willingness to integrate their platforms and product offerings with our solutions, is limited.  For example, Microsoft&#8217;s decision to transition from Lync to Skype for Business in early fiscal year 2016 proved to be a more significant market transition than anticipated and caused end customers to modify or pause their deployment schemes or schedules while they assessed the implications of Microsoft&#8217;s decision.&#8226;Failure to timely introduce solutions that are cost effective, feature-rich, stable, and attractive to customers within forecasted development budgets.&#8226;Failure to successfully implement and execute new and different processes involving the design, development, and manufacturing of complex electronic systems composed of hardware, firmware, and software that works seamlessly and continuously in a wide variety of environments and with multiple devices.&#8226;Failure of UC solutions generally, or our solutions in particular, to be adopted with the breadth and speed we anticipate.  For example, concerns about data privacy and the security of information and data stored over the Internet and wireless security in general, each of which is further enabled by UC solutions, including our products, have caused entities in various markets to reassess data protection compliance and security safeguards of UC devices.&#8226;Failure of our sales model and expertise to support complex integration of hardware and software with UC infrastructure consistent with changing customer expectations. &#160;&#8226;If new or evolving sales models such as our Software-as-a-Service, Device-as-a-Service or Soundscaping offerings provided on a subscription basis through channel partners are successful, they may have a long-term positive effect on our operations; however differences in revenue-recognition treatment may cause short-term revenue declines or increase expenditures for operational, administrative and technical support that may adversely impact our operations or negatively reflect on our overall growth.&#32;11Table of Contents&#8226;Increased competition for market share, particularly given that some competitors have superior technical and economic resources enabling them to take greater advantage of UC market opportunities.&#8226;Sales cycles for more complex UC deployments are longer as compared to our traditional Enterprise products.&#8226;Our inability to timely and cost-effectively adapt to changes and future requirements of UC may impact our profitability in this market and our overall margins.&#8226;Failure to expand our technical support capabilities to support the complex and proprietary platforms in which our UC products are and will be integrated as well as increases in our support expenditures over time.If our investments in, and strategic focus on, UC do not generate incremental revenue, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_6:
Our industry is characterized by rapid technological changes, evolving industry standards, frequent new product introductions, short-term customer commitments, and changes in demand.  Production levels are forecasted based on anticipated and historic product demand and we often place orders with suppliers for materials and components as well as finished products 13 weeks or more in advance of projected customer orders.  Actual demand depends on many factors and may vary significantly from forecasts.  We will lose opportunities to increase revenues and profits and may incur increased costs and penalties, including expedited shipping fees and late delivery penalties, if we underestimate customer demand.Conversely, overestimating demand could result in higher inventories of raw materials, components, and sub-assemblies ("materials and components") and finished products, which may later require us to write off all or a material portion of our inventories.  We routinely review inventory for usage potential, including fulfillment of customer warranty obligations and spare part requirements, and we write down to the lower of cost or market value the excess and obsolete inventory, which may adversely affect our results of operations.For instance, periodically, we or our competitors announce new products, capabilities, or technologies that replace or shorten the life cycles of legacy products or cause customers to defer or stop purchasing legacy products until new products become available.  Additionally, new product announcements may incite customers to increase purchases of successful legacy products as part of a last-time buy strategy, thereby increasing sales in the short-term while decreasing future sales and delaying new product adoption.  These risks increase the difficulty of accurately forecasting demand for discontinued and new products.  Accordingly, during any transition to new products, we may experience inventory obsolescence and loss of revenue and associated gross profit.If any of the above occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed.
CONTENT_7:
Our growth and ability to meet customer demand depends in part on our ability to timely obtain sufficient quantities of materials and components as well as finished products of acceptable quality at acceptable prices.  We buy materials and components from a variety of suppliers and assemble them into finished products.  In addition, certain of our products and key portions of our products lines are manufactured for us by third party original design and contract manufacturers ("ODMs") who obtain materials and sub-components from a long and often complex chain of sub-suppliers.  The cost, quality, and availability of the services, materials and components and finished products these ODMs and third parties supply are essential to our success.Our reliance on these ODMs and third parties therefore involves significant risks, including the following:&#8226;We rely on suppliers for critical aspects of our business.  For instance, we obtain a majority of our Bluetooth products from GoerTek, Inc.  Suppliers such as GoerTek may choose to discontinue supplying materials and components or finished products to us for a variety of reasons, which may (i) be difficult, time-consuming, or costly to replace, (ii) force us to redesign or end-of-life certain products, (iii) delay manufacturing or render us unable to meet customer demand, or (iv) require us to make large last-time buys in excess of our short-term needs, holding materials and components or finished products in inventory for extended periods of time.  If one or more suppliers is unable or unwilling to meet our demand, delivery, or price requirements, our business and operating results could be materially adversely affected.&#8226;Although we endeavor to use standard materials and components in our products whenever feasible, the lack of viable alternative sources or the high development costs associated with existing and emerging wireless and other technologies require us to work with a single source for silicon chips, chip-sets, or other materials and components in one or more products.  Moreover, lead times are particularly long for silicon-based components incorporating radio frequency and digital signal processing technologies and such materials and components make up an increasingly larger portion of our product costs.&#160;&#160;Additionally, many consumer product orders have shorter lead times than component lead times, which may make it increasingly necessary for us or our suppliers to carry more inventory in anticipation of orders, which may not materialize.  &#32;12Table of Contents&#8226;A substantial portion of the materials and components used in our products are provided by our suppliers on consignment.  As such, we do not take title to the materials and components until they are consumed in the production process.  Prior to consumption, title and risk of loss remains with the suppliers.  Our supply agreements generally allow us to return parts in excess of maximum order quantities at the suppliers&#8217; expense.  Returns for other reasons are negotiated with suppliers on a case-by-case basis and to date have been immaterial.  If we are required or choose to purchase all or a material portion of the consigned materials and components or if a material number of our suppliers refuse to accept orders on consignment, we could incur material unanticipated expenses, including write-downs for excess and obsolete inventory and result in inventory turn rate declines.&#8226;Rapid increases in production levels to meet product demand, whether or not forecasted, could result in shipment delays, higher costs for materials and components, increased expenditures for freight to expedite delivery of required materials, late delivery penalties, and higher overtime costs and other expenses, which could negatively impact our revenues, reduce profit margins, and harm relationships with affected customers.  For instance, in fiscal year 2015, sales of our BackBeat Fit were constrained by limited sub-component supply availability.  If similar constraints were to occur in existing or future product lines, our ability to meet demand and our corresponding ability to sell affected products may be materially reduced.  Moreover, our failure to timely deliver desirable products to meet demand may harm relationships with our customers.  Further, if production is increased rapidly, manufacturing yields may decrease, which may also reduce our revenues or margins.Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_8:
We have experienced and expect to continue to experience volatility in prices from our suppliers, particularly in light of price fluctuations for oil, gold, copper, and other materials and components in the U.S. and around the world, which could negatively affect our profitability or market share.  If we are unable to pass cost increases on to our customers or achieve operating efficiencies that offset any increases, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
CONTENT_9:
All of the markets in which we sell our products are intensely competitive and market leadership may change as a result of new product introductions and pricing.  We face pressure on our selling prices, sales terms and conditions, and in connection with product performance and functionality.  Also, aggressive industry pricing practices may result in decreasing margins.One of our primary competitors is GN Netcom, a subsidiary of GN Store Nord A/S (&#8220;GN&#8221;), a Danish telecommunications conglomerate with whom we compete in the Enterprise and mobile categories. We also compete with consumer electronics companies that manufacture and sell mobile phones, tablets, or computer peripheral equipment.  Many of our competitors are larger, offer broader product lines, may integrate their products with communications headset devices and adapters manufactured by them or others, offer products incompatible with our headsets, and have substantially greater financial, marketing, and other resources.Competitors in audio devices vary by product line. &#160;Our most competitive product line is headsets for cell phones where we compete with GN's Jabra brand, Motorola, Samsung, and LG, among many others.&#160; Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources than us, and each has an established market position.  For sales of our Enterprise products, including UC, our largest competitors include GN, Sennheiser Communications, and VXI.  For our Consumer products, our primary competitors include Sennheiser, Beats, LG, Jaybird, Motorola, Samsung and Bose.  In the gaming category of our Consumer products market, our primary competitors are Turtle Beach, Skullcandy, and Razer.We face additional competition from companies, principally located in or originating from the Asia Pacific region, which offer very low cost headset products, including products modeled on, direct copies of, or counterfeits of our products.  Furthermore, online marketplaces make it easier for disreputable and fraudulent sellers to introduce their copies or counterfeit products into the stream of commerce by commingling legitimate products with copies and counterfeits; thereby making it extremely difficult to track and remove copies and counterfeits.  The introduction of low cost alternatives, copies and counterfeits has resulted in and will continue to cause market pricing pressure, customer dissatisfaction and harm to our reputation and brand name.  If market prices are substantially reduced by new or existing participants in the headset categories, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.If we do not distinguish our products, through distinctive, technologically advanced features and design, as well as continue to build and strengthen our brand recognition, our products may become commoditized and our business could be harmed.&#160;&#160;In addition, failure to effectively market our products to customers could lead to lower and more volatile revenue and earnings, excess inventory, and the inability to recover associated development costs, any of which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.&#32;13Table of Contents
CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:
We have significant operations in various tax jurisdictions throughout the world, and a substantial portion of our taxable income has historically been generated in jurisdictions outside of the U.S.  Currently, some of our operations are taxed at rates substantially lower than U.S. tax rates.  If our income in these lower tax jurisdictions were no longer to qualify for these lower tax rates, the applicable tax laws were rescinded or changed, or the mix of our earnings shifts from lower rate jurisdictions to higher rate jurisdictions, our operating results could be materially adversely affected.  Furthermore, the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided U.S. taxes could result in higher effective tax rates for us and subject us to significant additional U.S. income tax liabilities.Various governmental tax authorities have recently increased their scrutiny of tax strategies employed by corporations and individuals.  In addition, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development issued guidelines and proposals during fiscal year 2016 that may change how our tax obligations are determined in many of the countries in which we do business. If U.S. or other foreign tax authorities change applicable tax laws or successfully challenge the manner in which our profits are currently recognized, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, cash flow, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.&#32;15Table of ContentsWe are also subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and other tax authorities, including state revenue agencies and foreign governments.  While we regularly assess the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from examinations by the IRS and other tax authorities to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, there can be no assurance that the actual outcome resulting from these examinations will not materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_14:
The technology used in our products is evolving more rapidly now than in the past and we anticipate this trend will continue.  Historically, new products primarily offered stylistic changes and quality improvements rather than significant new technologies.  Our increasing reliance and focus on the UC market has resulted in a growing number of our products that integrate complex, state-of-the-art technology, increasing the risks associated with new product ramp-up, including product performance and defects in the early stages of production.  Office phones have begun to incorporate Bluetooth functionality, which has opened the market to consumer Bluetooth headsets and reduced the demand for our traditional office telephony headsets and adapters, resulting in lost revenue and lower margins.  Additionally, with the advent of more and different types of mobile devices the need for traditional desk phones with a distinct headset is decreasing, and may limit the sale of both corded and cordless headsets in the future.  Moreover, the increasing adoption of wireless headsets has also resulted in increased development costs associated with the introduction of new wireless standards and more frequent changes in those standards and capabilities as compared to wired technologies. If sales and margins on our traditional corded products decline and we are unable to successfully design, develop, and market alternatives at historically comparable margins, our revenue and profits may decrease.In addition, innovative technologies such as UC have moved the platform for certain of our products from our customers' closed proprietary systems to open platforms such as the PC, smartphones and tablets.  In turn, these devices have become more open as a result of technologies such as cloud computing and trends toward more open source software code development.  As a result, the risk that current and potential competitors could enter our markets and commoditize our products by offering similar products has increased.The success of our products depends on several factors, including our ability to:&#8226;Anticipate technology and market trends&#8226;Develop innovative new products and enhancements on a timely basis&#8226;Distinguish our products from those of our competitors&#8226;Create industrial designs that appeal to our customers and end-users&#8226;Manufacture and deliver high-quality products that are simple to operate in sufficient volumes and acceptable margins&#8226;Price our products competitively&#8226;Hire and retain qualified personnel in the highly competitive field of software development&#8226;Provide timely, effective and accurate technical product support to our customers&#8226;Leverage new and existing channel partners effectivelyIf we are unable to develop, manufacture, market, and introduce enhanced or new products in a timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements, including changing fashion trends and styles, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_15:
We own and operate a manufacturing facility in Tijuana, Mexico.  We also have suppliers, contact manufacturers, and other vendors throughout Asia and generate a significant amount of our revenues from foreign customers.Our international operations and sales expose us to various risks including, among others:&#8226;Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates&#8226;Cultural differences in the conduct of business&#8226;Greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods&#8226;The impact of recessionary, volatile or adverse global economic conditions&#8226;Reduced intellectual property rights protections in some countries&#8226;Changes in regulatory requirements&#8226;The implementation or expansion of trade restrictions, sanctions or other penalties against one or more countries, its citizens or industries&#32;16Table of Contents&#8226;Tariffs, taxes and other trade barriers, particularly in developing nations such as Brazil, India, and others&#8226;Political conditions, health epidemics, civil unrest, or criminal activities within countries in which we operate&#8226;The management, operation, and expenses associated with an enterprise spread over various countries&#8226;The burden and administrative costs of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations &#8226;Currency restrictions&#8226;Compliance with anti-bribery laws, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the United Kingdom's Bribery ActThe above-listed and other inherent risks of international operations could materially and adversely affect regional economic activity and business operations in general, which in turn may harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_16:
We sell substantially all of our products through distributors, retailers, OEMs, and telephony service providers.  Effectively managing these relationships and avoiding channel conflicts is challenging.  Our existing relationships with these parties are generally not exclusive and can be terminated by us or them without cause on short notice.  These customers also sell or may sell products offered by our competitors.  To the extent our competitors offer more favorable terms or more compelling products, our customers may not recommend, de-emphasize, or discontinue carrying our products.  Moreover, our OEMs may elect to manufacture their own products similar to those we offer.  Additionally, it is becoming easier for small online sellers to enter the market unburdened with physical locations, employees and support personnel which can force our larger traditional brick and mortar resellers to reduce their selling prices.  In turn, our traditional resellers may demand lower selling prices from us, reduce their sales support needed to maintain our premium brand image, discontinue carrying our products and other similar adverse actions.  The inability to establish or maintain successful relationships with distributors, OEMs, retailers, and telephony service providers or to expand our distribution channels and sales models could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.Our customer mix is changing, and certain retailers, OEMs, and wireless carriers are more significant.&#160;&#160;In particular, we have several large customers whose order patterns are difficult to predict.  Offers and promotions by these customers may result in significant fluctuations in their purchasing activities over time, which may increase the volatility of our revenues.&#160;&#160;If we are unable to correctly anticipate the quantities and timing of their purchase requirements, our revenues may be adversely affected, or we may be left holding large volumes of inventory that cannot be sold to other customers.Furthermore, many customers with whom we conduct business have substantial buying power or have strategic importance to our product marketing objectives.  Many use their buying power or strategic importance to mandate onerous terms and conditions in our business arrangements with them including unfavorable payment terms, fees and penalties for early, late and inaccurate shipments, generous return rights, most favored pricing, and mandatory marketing and promotional fees.  These terms are often non-negotiable and are frequently broad, ambiguous and inconsistent across customers making compliance complex and subject to interpretation.  If our compliance with these or similar future provisions are incorrect or inadequate, we could be liable for breach of contract damages or our reputation with one or more key customers could be materially adversely harmed, either of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.Also, in order to provide us with greater insight into the characteristics and motivations of our distribution channels as well as the needs of our end customers, to better incentivize our sales partners and promote our products to end customers, we have begun regional implementation of an authorization program as well as a back end rebate program.  Under the authorization program, distributors and resellers are asked to enter into agreements or supplement existing agreements in connection with the sale of all or a portion of our products.  The back end rebate program ties payment of post-sale discounts to distributor program compliance obligations.  These programs are new and our partners may deem them difficult, time-consuming or disruptive, or the terms of the programs or our agreements unacceptable.Additionally, we have implemented an electronic minimum advertised pricing policy applicable to a number of new and future products as well as certain legacy products.  The policy allows us to limit and reject orders from resellers who fail to promote and maintain the premium image of our brand and products by advertising online prices for covered products below prices we establish and periodically adjust.  Enforcement of the policy may result in lost sales and harm our business relationships and reputation, potentially materially, with one or more customers or resellers.If the number and quality of our distributors and resellers declines, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially, adversely affected.&#32;17Table of Contents
CONTENT_17:
We are increasingly incorporating advanced software features and functionalities into our products, offering firmware and software fixes, updates, and upgrades and developing Internet based software-as-a-service offerings that provide additional value that complements our headsets.  As the nature and extent of software integration in our products increases or if sales of standalone software applications or services become material, the way we report revenue related to our products and services could be significantly affected.  For example, we are increasingly required to evaluate whether our revenue transactions include multiple deliverables and, as such, whether the revenue generated by each transaction should be recognized upon delivery, over a period of time or apportioned and recognized based on a combination of the two in light of all the facts and circumstances related to each transaction.  Moreover, the software and services revenue recognition rules are complex and dynamic.  If we fail to accurately apply these complex rules and policies, particularly to new and unique products or services offerings, we may incorrectly report revenues in one or more reporting periods.  If this were to occur and the error was material, we may be required to restate our financial statements, which could materially and adversely impact our results for the affected periods, cause our stock price to decline, and result in securities class actions or other similar litigation.
CONTENT_18:
We have invested, and in the future will continue to invest, in new business strategies and acquisitions. Such endeavors and acquisitions will involve significant risks and uncertainties which may include:&#8226;Distraction of management from current operations; &#8226;Greater than expected liabilities and expenses; &#8226;Inadequate return on capital;&#8226;Insufficient sales and marketing expertise requiring costly and time-consuming development and training of internal sales and marketing personnel as well as new and existing distribution channels;&#8226;Prohibitive or ineffective intellectual property rights or protections;&#8226;Unknown market expectations regarding pricing, branding and operational and logistical levels of support;&#8226;Uncertain tax, legal and other regulatory compliance obligations and consequences;&#8226;New and complex data collection, maintenance, privacy and security requirements; and&#8226;Other unidentified issues not discovered in our investigations and evaluations. We have announced and are exploring new service offerings including software-as-a-service, device-as-a-service and Soundscaping.  Although, elements of each of these services are founded on intellectual property or one or more areas in which we believe we have expertise, they remain complex undertakings different in material respects from our historical hardware design, development and sales model.  For example, although software-as-a-service has become a familiar business model generally, recurring revenue subscription services are new to us and involve unique development, accounting and support requirements.  Moreover, device-as-a-service and Soundscaping are not nearly as well accepted or understood generally.  Device-as-a-service in particular involves significant up-front costs, limited product recovery options and may require significant sales and marketing educational campaigns both internally and throughout our distribution channels.  Furthermore, each of these services remain in the early stages of development and require significant additional time, effort and costs to develop before their likelihood of market success can be determined with any degree of certainty.Additionally, in order to support or further our new services offerings, we may decide to make investments or acquisitions, including through joint ventures.  Depending on the investments, we may have limited or no management or operational control in the companies in which we invest or the acquisition may prove difficult to integrate into our existing operations or otherwise unsuccessful. Further, we may issue shares of our common stock in these transactions, which could result in dilution to our stockholders.If we fail to anticipate the time, effort and cost to develop and maintain new business strategies and acquisitions, we do not timely meet market expectations for commercial availability, our service and support proves unreliable, or we are unable to offer these services at acceptable profit margins, our existing and future business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially, adversely affected.&#32;18Table of Contents
CONTENT_19:
Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets, and other intellectual property, including our rights to certain domain names.  We rely primarily on a combination of nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions as well as patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright laws to protect our proprietary rights.  Effective protection and enforcement of our intellectual property rights may not be available in every country in which our products and media properties are distributed to customers.  The process of seeking intellectual property protection can be lengthy, expensive, and uncertain.  Patents may not be issued in response to our applications, and any that may be issued may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged by others.  If we are required to enforce our intellectual property rights through litigation, the costs and diversion of management's attention could be substantial.  Furthermore, we may be countersued by an actual or alleged infringer if we attempt to enforce our intellectual property rights, which may materially increase our costs, divert management attention, and result in injunctive or financial damages being awarded against us.  In addition, existing patents, copyright registrations, trademarks, trade secrets and domain names may not provide competitive advantages or be adequate to safeguard and maintain our rights.  If it is not feasible or possible to obtain, enforce, or protect our intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially, adversely affected.Patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets are owned by individuals or entities that may make claims or commence litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights.  These claims or allegations may relate to intellectual property that we develop or that is incorporated in the materials or components provided by one or more suppliers. As we have grown, intellectual property rights claims against us and our suppliers have increased along with a general trend of increasing intellectual property infringement claims against all corporations.  Our products, technologies and the components and materials contained in our products may be subject to certain third-party claims and, regardless of the merits of the claim, intellectual property claims are often time-consuming and expensive to litigate, settle, or otherwise resolve.  In addition, to the extent claims against us or our suppliers are successful, we may have to pay substantial monetary damages or discontinue the manufacture and distribution of products that are found to be in violation of another party's rights.  We also may have to obtain, or renew on less favorable terms, licenses to manufacture and distribute our products or materials or components included in those products, which may significantly increase our operating expenses.  Moreover, many of our agreements with our distributors and resellers require us to indemnify them for certain third-party intellectual property infringement claims.  Discharging our indemnity obligations may involve time-consuming and expensive litigation and result in substantial settlements or damages awards, our products being enjoined, and the loss of a distribution channel or retail partner, any of which may have a material adverse impact on our operating results.
CONTENT_20:
Our products must meet requirements set by regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction in which we sell them.  For example, certain of our Enterprise products must meet local phone system standards.  Certain of our wireless products must work within existing permitted radio frequency ranges.  Moreover, competition for limited radio frequency bandwidth as a result of an increasing use of wireless products increases the risk of interference or diminished product performance.  For instance, in the U.S. the increase in the number of products operating in the unlicensed 903-928 megahertz radio frequency range using significantly higher power than our wireless products and those of many other users of the unlicensed frequency range may cause our wireless products to experience interference which, if material, may harm our reputation and adversely affect our sales.As regulations and local laws change and competition increases, we may need to modify our products to address those changes.  Regulatory restrictions and competition may increase the costs to design, manufacture, and sell our products, resulting in a decrease in our margins or a decrease in demand for our products if we attempt to pass along the costs.  Compliance with regulatory restrictions and bandwidth limitations may impact the actual or perceived technical quality and capabilities of our products, reducing their marketability.  In addition, if the products we supply to various jurisdictions fail to comply with the applicable local or regional regulations, if our customers or merchants transfer products into unauthorized jurisdictions or our products interfere with the proper operation of other devices, we or consumers purchasing our products may be responsible for the damages that our products cause; thereby causing us to alter the performance of our products, pay substantial monetary damages or penalties, cause harm to our reputation, or cause us to suffer other adverse consequences.Moreover, new regulations may negatively adversely affect our ability to procure or manufacture our products.  For instance, requirements regarding our use of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals, in our products and the suppliers who provide those minerals, particularly from and around the Democratic Republic of Congo, could decrease the number of suppliers capable of supplying our needs for certain metals or we may be unable to conclusively verify the origins of all metals used in our products.  We may suffer financial and reputational harm if customers require, and we are unable to deliver, certification that our products are conflict free.&#32;19Table of Contents
CONTENT_21:
We are regularly subject to a wide variety of litigation including claims, lawsuits, and other similar proceedings involving our business practices and products including claims and disputes regarding product liability, labor and employment, and commercial matters.  The number and significance of these claims and disputes have increased as our company has grown larger, our business has expanded in scope and geographic reach, and our products and services have increased in complexity.For instance, the sales of our products expose us to product liability claims, including those alleging hearing loss.  Additionally, our mobile headsets are used with mobile telephones and there has been public controversy over whether the radio frequency emissions from mobile phones are harmful to users of mobile phones.  Likewise, research could establish a link between radio frequency emissions and corded or wireless headsets or we could become a party to litigation claiming such a link.  There is also continuing public controversy over the use of mobile phones by operators of motor vehicles and we may be subject to allegations that use of a mobile phone and headset contributed to a motor vehicle accident.In addition, we have been sued by employees regarding our employment practices and business partners regarding contractual rights and obligations.  We have also been sued by a competitor, GN Netcom, Inc., regarding alleged violations of certain laws regulating competition and business practices which lawsuit is more specifically described in Part I, Item 3 under the caption "Legal Proceedings" and Part II, Item 8, Note 8 under the caption "Commitments and Contingencies" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Frequently, the outcome and impact of any claims, lawsuits, and other similar proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Moreover, regardless of the outcome such proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of significant legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors.  Determining reserves for our pending litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that is subject to judgment calls.  It is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments, penalties or to settle claims or proceedings, any of which could harm our business.  These proceedings could also result in reputational harm, sanctions, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain products, or services, or requiring a change in our business practices in costly ways.  Any of these consequences could materially harm our business.We maintain product liability insurance and general liability insurance in amounts we believe sufficient to cover reasonably anticipated claims, including some of those described above;&#160;however, the coverage provided under the policies could be inapplicable or insufficient to cover the full amount of any one or more claims.  Consequently, claims brought against us, whether or not successful, could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_22:
The market price for our common stock has been affected and may continue to be affected by a number of factors, including:&#8226;Uncertain global and regional economic and geopolitical conditions, including slow or stagnant growth, inflationary pressures, political or military unrest&#8226;Failure to meet our forecasts or the expectations and forecasts of securities analysts&#8226;Changes in our guidance or announced forecasts that may or may not be consistent with the expectations of analysts or investors&#8226;Quarterly variations in our or our competitors' results of operations and changes in market share&#8226;The announcement of new products, product enhancements, or partnerships by us or our competitors&#8226;Our ability to develop, introduce, ship, and support new products and product enhancements and manage product transitions and recalls, if any&#8226;Repurchases of our common shares under our repurchase plans or public announcement of our intention not to repurchase our common shares&#8226;Our decision to declare dividends or increase or decrease dividends over historical rates&#8226;The loss of services of one or more of our executive officers or other key employees&#8226;Changes in earnings estimates, recommendations, or ratings by securities analysts or a reduction in the number of analysts following our stock&#8226;Developments in our industry, including new or increased enforcement of existing governmental regulations related to our products and new or revised communications standards&#8226;Concentrated ownership of our common stock by a limited number of institutional investors that may limit liquidity for investors interested in acquiring or selling positions in our common stock, particularly substantial positions&#8226;Sales of substantial numbers of shares of our common stock in the public market by us, our officers or directors, or unaffiliated third parties, including institutional investors&#8226;General economic, political, and market conditions, including market volatility&#8226;Litigation brought by or against us&#8226;Other factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors&#32;20Table of Contents
CONTENT_23:
Our success depends to a large extent upon the services of a limited number of executive officers and other key employees.  The unanticipated loss of the services of one or more of our executive officers or key employees could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  We also believe that our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, management, sales, and marketing personnel.  Competition for such personnel is intense.  We may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition.
CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:

CONTENT_26:
We rely on networks, information systems, and other technology (&#8220;information systems&#8221;), including the Internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business activities, including procurement, manufacturing, sales, distribution, invoicing, and collections.  We use information systems to process and report financial information internally and to comply with regulatory reporting.  In addition, we depend on information systems for communications with our suppliers, distributors, and customers.  Consequently, our business may be impacted by system shutdowns or service disruptions during routine operations, such as system upgrades or user errors, as well as network or hardware failures, malicious software, hackers, natural disasters, communications interruptions, or other events (collectively, "network incidents"). Our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to network incidents.  While, to date, we have not experienced a network incident resulting in material impairment to our operations, nor have we experienced material intentional or inadvertent disclosure of our data or information or the information or data of our customers or vendors, future network incidents could result in unintended disruption of our operations or disclosure of sensitive information or assets.  Furthermore, we may experience targeted attacks and although we continue to invest in personnel, technologies, and training to prepare for and reduce the adverse consequences of such attacks, these investments are expensive and do not guarantee that such attacks will be unsuccessful, either completely or partially.If our information systems are disrupted or shutdown and we fail to timely and effectively resolve the issues, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results and we may lose revenue and profits.  Misuse, leakage, or falsification of information could result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations, damage our reputation, and have a negative impact on net operating results. In addition, we may suffer financial damage and damage to our reputation because of loss or misappropriation of our confidential information or assets, or those of our partners, customers, or suppliers.  We could also be required to expend significant effort and incur financial costs to remedy security breaches or to repair or replace networks and information systems.&#32;21Table of Contents
CONTENT_27:
War, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters, or other business interruptions, whether in the U.S. or abroad, have caused or could cause damage or disruption to international commerce by creating economic and political uncertainties that may have a strong negative impact on the global economy, us, and our suppliers or customers.&#160;&#160;Our major business operations and those of many of our vendors and their sub-suppliers (collectively, "Suppliers") are subject to interruption by disasters, including, without limitation, earthquakes, floods, and volcanic eruptions or other natural or manmade disasters, fire, power shortages, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, public health issues, flu or similar epidemics or pandemics, and other events beyond our control and the control of our Suppliers.&#160;&#160;Our corporate headquarters, information technology, manufacturing, certain research and development activities, and other critical business operations are located near major seismic faults or flood zones.&#160;&#160;While we are partially insured for earthquake-related losses or floods, our operating results and financial condition could be materially affected in the event of a major earthquake or other natural or manmade disaster.  Should any of the events above arise we could be negatively impacted by the need for more stringent employee travel restrictions, limitations in the availability of freight services, governmental actions limiting the movement of products between various regions, delays in production, and disruptions in the operations of our Suppliers.&#160;&#160;Our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected by these events.
CONTENT_28:
Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue preferred stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting and conversion rights, of those shares without any further vote or action by the stockholders.  The issuance of our preferred stock could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire us.  In addition, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could also have the effect of delaying or preventing our acquisition by a third party.  Further, certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws could delay or make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.<div
