HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
In evaluating NVIDIA and our business, the following factors should be considered in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Before you buy our common stock, you should know that making such an investment involves risks including, but not limited to, the risks described below. Any one of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, which could cause our stock price to decline. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also harm our business.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Partners
HEADER_4:
If we are unable to successfully compete in our target markets, our revenue and financial results will be adversely impacted
HEADER_5:
If we fail to successfully execute our transitions to new business models and markets, our results of operations could suffer.
HEADER_6:
If we do not replace our Intel licensing revenues, our financial results may be adversely affected. 
HEADER_7:
If our products fail to achieve expected manufacturing yields, our financial results could be adversely impacted and our reputation with our customers and partners may be harmed.
HEADER_8:
If our products contain significant defects, we could incur significant expenses to remediate such defects, our reputation could be damaged and we could lose market share.
HEADER_9:
System security and data protection breaches, as well as cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our expected revenue and increase our expenses, which could adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation.
HEADER_10:
We depend on third parties and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test and/or package our products, which reduces our control over product quantity and quality, development, enhancement and product delivery schedule and could harm our business
HEADER_11:
If we fail to achieve design wins for our products, our business will be harmed.
HEADER_12:
Business disruptions could harm our business, lead to a decline in revenues and increase our costs.
HEADER_13:
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers and our revenue could decline if we lose any of these customers.
HEADER_14:
Our gross margin depends on a number of factors and changes in any of these factors could adversely affect our gross margin.
HEADER_15:
If we fail to estimate customer demand properly, our financial results could be harmed.
HEADER_16:
We are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with international operations which may harm our business.
HEADER_17:
We may not be able to realize the potential financial or strategic benefits of business acquisitions or strategic investments and we may not be able to successfully integrate acquisition targets, which could hurt our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products.
HEADER_18:
Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Common Stock and Other Matters
HEADER_19:
Actions to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could result in substantial costs to us and our ability to compete could be harmed if we are unsuccessful in doing so or if we are prohibited from making or selling our products.
HEADER_20:
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline.
HEADER_21:
Privacy concerns relating to our products and services could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and services.
HEADER_22:
We are subject to risks associated with development and construction of our headquarters building under an operating lease financing arrangement.
HEADER_23:
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial position and prevent us from implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations
HEADER_24:
The exercise of warrants associated with our 1.00% Notes would dilute the ownership interest of our existing shareholders.
HEADER_25:
Delaware law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and our agreement with Microsoft Corporation could delay or prevent a change in control.
