HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
HEADER_2:
Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing in this annual report, before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, it could harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. In such event, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline and investors might lose all or part of their investment.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
HEADER_4:
We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and we may not be able to sustain or manage future growth effectively.
HEADER_5:
We intend to continue focusing on revenue growth and increasing our market penetration and international presence by investing heavily in our business and this may put pressure on near-term profitability.
HEADER_6:
We have a limited operating history in an industry characterized by rapid change, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict.
HEADER_7:
The market for all-flash storage products is rapidly evolving, which makes it difficult to forecast customer adoption rates and demand for our products.
HEADER_8:
We face intense competition from a number of established companies and new entrants.
HEADER_9:
Our business may be harmed by trends in the overall external storage market.
HEADER_10:
Many of our established competitors have long-standing relationships with key decision makers at many of our current and prospective customers, which may inhibit our ability to compete effectively and maintain or increase our market share.
HEADER_11:
Our ability to increase our revenue will substantially depend on our ability to attract, motivate and retain sales, engineering and other key personnel, including our management team, and any failure to attract, motivate and retain these employees could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_12:
If we fail to adequately expand and optimize our sales force, our growth will be impeded.
HEADER_13:
If we fail to develop and introduce new or enhanced products successfully, our ability to attract and retain customers could be impaired and our competitive position could be harmed.
HEADER_14:
Our research and development efforts may not produce successful products that result in significant revenue in the near future, if at all.
HEADER_15:
If we fail to successfully maintain or grow our relationships with channel partners, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
HEADER_16:
Our gross margins are impacted by a variety of factors and are subject to variation from period to period, and as a result, can be difficult to predict.
HEADER_17:
Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations.
HEADER_18:
Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, particularly with respect to large orders, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, it can be difficult for us to predict when, if ever, a particular customer will choose to purchase our products, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate.
HEADER_19:
Our company culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, creativity and teamwork fostered by our culture, and our business may be harmed.
HEADER_20:
Because our long-term success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the sales of our products to customers located outside of the United States, our business is susceptible to risks associated with international operations.
HEADER_21:
The sales prices of our products and services may fluctuate or decline, which may reduce our gross profits and adversely impact our financial results.
HEADER_22:
We derive the majority of our revenue from a single family of products, and a decline in demand for these products would cause our revenue to grow more slowly or to decline.
HEADER_23:
Our products are highly technical and may contain undetected defects, which could cause data unavailability, loss or corruption that might, in turn, result in liability to our customers and harm to our reputation and business.
HEADER_24:
Our brand name and our business may be harmed by the marketing strategies of our competitors.
HEADER_25:
Our products must interoperate with third party operating systems, software applications and hardware, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase our market share and may experience reduced demand for our products.
HEADER_26:
Our products must conform to industry standards in order to be accepted by customers in our markets.
HEADER_27:
Our ability to successfully market and sell our products is dependent in part on ease of use and the quality of our support offerings, and any failure to offer high-quality installation and technical support could harm our business.
HEADER_28:
We rely on contract manufacturers to manufacture our products, and if we fail to manage our relationship with our contract manufacturers successfully, our business could be negatively impacted.
HEADER_29:
We rely on a limited number of suppliers, and in some cases single-source suppliers, and any disruption or termination of these supply arrangements could delay shipments of our products and could harm our relationships with current and prospective customers.
HEADER_30:
Managing the supply of our products and their components is complex. Insufficient supply and inventory may result in lost sales opportunities or delayed revenue, while excess inventory may harm our gross margins.
HEADER_31:
If we are unable to sell renewals of our maintenance and support services to our customers, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed.
HEADER_32:
We expect that revenue from maintenance and support agreements will increase as a percentage of total revenue over time, and because we recognize this revenue over the term of the relevant contract period, downturns or upturns in sales of maintenance and support are not immediately reflected in full in our results of operations.
HEADER_33:
Adverse economic conditions or reduced data center spending may adversely impact our revenues and profitability.
HEADER_34:
Third-party claims that we are infringing the intellectual property rights of others, whether successful or not, could subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation or require us to obtain expensive licenses, and our business could be harmed.
HEADER_35:
The success of our business depends in part on our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights.
HEADER_36:
If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected and our business could be harmed.
HEADER_37:
Our use of open source software could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our products.
HEADER_38:
System security risks, data protection breaches and cyber-attacks on our systems or products could compromise our proprietary information (or information of our customers), disrupt our internal operations and harm public perception of our products, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer, create additional liabilities and adversely affect our financial results and stock price.
HEADER_39:
We may further expand through acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies, each of which may divert our management’s attention, resulting in additional dilution to our stockholders and consumption of resources that are necessary to sustain and grow our business.
HEADER_40:
We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, or at all.
HEADER_41:
We are exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_42:
Sales to U.S. federal, state and local governments are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business.
HEADER_43:
We need to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price.
HEADER_44:
Our international operations, as well as U.S. tax reform, could expose us to potentially adverse tax consequences.
HEADER_45:
Failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations could harm our business.
HEADER_46:
Governmental regulations affecting the import or export of products could negatively affect our revenue.
HEADER_47:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, floods and other natural catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made factors such as computer viruses or terrorism.
HEADER_48:
Risks Related to Our Common Stock
HEADER_49:
The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who hold our Class B common stock, including our executive officers, employees and directors and their affiliates, which limits investors’ ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control.
HEADER_50:
Substantial sales of shares of our common stock in the future could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
HEADER_51:
The trading price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile, and an active, liquid, and orderly market for our Class A common stock may not be sustained.
HEADER_52:
If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they downgrade our stock, the price of our stock could decline.
HEADER_53:
We have never paid dividends on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
HEADER_54:
We will continue to incur increased costs as a result of being a public company.
HEADER_55:
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and under Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our Class A common stock.
HEADER_56:
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.
