HEADER_1:
Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, operations, liquidity and stock price materially and adversely. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations would likely suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could fall and you could lose all or part of your investment.
HEADER_2:
We may not be able to ramp the production of our new products to customer required volumes, which could result in delayed or lost revenue.
HEADER_3:
Customer requirements for new products are increasingly challenging, which could lead to significant executional risk in designing and manufacturing such products.
HEADER_4:
We depend on a limited number of customers for a significant percentage of our revenues and the loss of a major customer could have a materially adverse impact on our financial condition.
HEADER_5:
We may experience low manufacturing yields.
HEADER_6:
Our results of operations may suffer if we do not effectively manage our inventory, and we may continue to incur inventory-related charges.
HEADER_7:
Delays, disruptions or quality control problems in manufacturing could result in delays in product shipments to customers and could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_8:
The inability to obtain government licenses and approvals for desired international trading activities or technology transfers, including export licenses, may prevent the profitable operation of our business.
HEADER_9:
The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, which could result in lost sales and lower revenues.
HEADER_10:
We may not be able to maintain or improve gross margin levels.
HEADER_11:
As a result of our global operations, our business is subject to currency fluctuations that may adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_12:
We depend on a limited number of suppliers and key contract manufacturers who could disrupt our business if they stopped, decreased, delayed or were unable to meet our demand for shipments of their products or manufacturing of our products.
HEADER_13:
If our customers do not qualify our manufacturing lines or the manufacturing lines of our subcontractors for volume shipments, our operating results could suffer.
HEADER_14:
Our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted by financial market conditions and general economic conditions in the industries in which we operate, and such conditions may increase the other risks that affect our business.
HEADER_15:
The majority of our long-term customer contracts do not commit customers to specified buying levels, and our customers may decrease, cancel or delay their buying levels at any time with little or no advance notice to us.
HEADER_16:
In order to remain competitive, we have been in the past and may be in the future required to agree to customer terms and conditions that may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 
HEADER_17:
Sales of older legacy products continue to represent a significant percentage of our total revenues and, if we do not increase the percentage of sales associated with new products, our revenues may not grow in the future or could decline.
HEADER_18:
If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, our business could suffer.
HEADER_19:
We have a complex multinational tax structure, and changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our results.
HEADER_20:
We may incur significant changes in our deferred tax asset valuation allowances based on our current assessment of reaching and maintaining profitability.
HEADER_21:
In the future we may need to access the capital markets to raise additional equity, which could dilute our shareholder base.
HEADER_22:
Credit Line and Notes
HEADER_23:
We may undertake acquisitions or mergers, which do not prove successful, which would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_24:
We have a history of large operating losses. We may not be able to sustain profitability in the future and as a result we may not be able to maintain sufficient levels of liquidity.
HEADER_25:
We may have to incur substantially more debt in the future, which may subject us to restrictive covenants that could limit our ability to operate our business.
HEADER_26:
We have a large amount of intercompany balances with our China entities which may be subject to taxes and penalties when we try to pay them down or collect them. 
HEADER_27:
Our intellectual property rights may not be adequately protected.
HEADER_28:
Our revenues and operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly as a result of factors that are outside our control, which could adversely impact our operating results.
HEADER_29:
We have significant operations in China, which exposes us to risks inherent in doing business in China.
HEADER_30:
Our products may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could result in expensive litigation or require us to obtain a license to use the technology from third parties, or we may be prohibited from selling certain products in the future.
HEADER_31:
If we fail to obtain the right to use the intellectual property rights of others necessary to operate our business, our business and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected.
HEADER_32:
We generate a significant portion of our revenues internationally and therefore are subject to additional risks associated with the extent of our international operations.
HEADER_33:
We may face product liability claims.
HEADER_34:
At times, the market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly.
HEADER_35:
We have been named as a party to derivative action lawsuits in the past, and we may be named in additional litigation in the future, all of which would require significant management time and attention and result in significant legal expenses and could result in an unfavorable outcome which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
HEADER_36:
Because we do not intend to pay dividends, stockholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in value.
HEADER_37:
We are subject to anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA. Our failure to comply with these laws could result in penalties which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
HEADER_38:
      In the future we may incur significant additional restructuring charges that could adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_39:
We may undertake divestitures of portions of our business, such as the divestiture of our Komoro Business, Zurich Business and our Amplifier Business, that require us to continue providing substantial post-divestiture transition services and support, which may cause us to incur unanticipated costs and liabilities and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_40:
Business Combinations and Dispositions
HEADER_41:
Litigation may substantially increase our costs and harm our business.
HEADER_42:
Our products may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could result in expensive litigation or require us to obtain a license to use the technology from third parties, or we may be prohibited from selling certain products in the future
HEADER_43:
A lack of effective internal controls over our financial reporting could result in an inability to report our financial results
HEADER_44:
accurately, which could lead to a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock
HEADER_45:
Prior to our acquisition of Opnext, Opnext licensed its intellectual property to Hitachi and its wholly owned subsidiaries without restriction. In addition, Hitachi is free to license certain of Hitachi’s intellectual property that Opnext used in its business to any third party, including competitors, which could harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_46:
We may record additional impairment charges that will adversely impact our results of operations.
HEADER_47:
Man-made problems such as computer viruses or terrorism may disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 
HEADER_48:
We may be subject to theft, loss, or misuse of personal data about our employees, customers, or other third parties, which could increase our expenses, damage our reputation, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings. 
HEADER_49:
Our business and operating results may be adversely affected by natural disasters or other catastrophic events beyond our control.
HEADER_50:
Our business involves the use of hazardous materials, and we are subject to environmental and import/export laws and regulations that may expose us to liability and increase our costs.
HEADER_51:
The disclosure requirements related to the “conflict minerals” provision of the Dodd-Frank Act may limit our supply and increase our costs for certain metals used in our products and could affect our reputation with customers or shareholders.
HEADER_52:
We can issue shares of preferred stock that may adversely affect your rights as a stockholder of our common stock.
HEADER_53:
Delaware law and our charter documents contain provisions that could discourage or prevent a potential takeover, even if such a transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders.
