HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline.
HEADER_3:
The market for our offerings is new and unproven and may not grow.
HEADER_4:
Our future operating results may fluctuate significantly, and our recent operating results may not be a good indication of our future performance.
HEADER_5:
We have a short operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful.
HEADER_6:
If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_7:
We face intense competition in our markets, and we may be unable to compete effectively for sales opportunities.
HEADER_8:
Because we derive substantially all of our revenues and cash flows from sales of licenses, maintenance and services related to one software product, failure of this product to satisfy customer demands or to achieve increased market acceptance would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
HEADER_9:
We have a history of losses, and we may not be profitable in the future.
HEADER_10:
If customers do not expand their use of our offerings beyond the current predominant use cases, our ability to grow our business and operating results may be adversely affected.
HEADER_11:
We employ multiple, unique and evolving pricing models, which subject us to various pricing and licensing challenges that could make it difficult for us to derive value from our customers and may adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_12:
If we do not effectively expand and train our sales force, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing customers and our business will be adversely affected.
HEADER_13:
Our sales cycle is long and unpredictable, particularly with respect to large customers, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense.
HEADER_14:
Our business and growth depend substantially on customers renewing their term licenses and maintenance and support agreements with us. Any decline in our customer renewals could adversely affect our future operating results.
HEADER_15:
Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business operations and financial results.
HEADER_16:
If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with our channel partners, our business operations, financial results and growth prospects could be adversely affected.
HEADER_17:
Incorrect or improper implementation or use of our software could result in customer dissatisfaction or customer data loss and negatively affect our business, operations, financial results and growth prospects.
HEADER_18:
Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure, and our reliance on Software-as-a-Service, or SaaS, technologies from third parties, may adversely affect our business operations and financial results.
HEADER_19:
We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls.
HEADER_20:
If our new offerings and product enhancements do not achieve sufficient market acceptance, our financial results and competitive position will suffer.
HEADER_21:
Our business depends, in part, on sales to the public sector, and significant changes in the contracting or fiscal policies of the public sector could have a material adverse effect on our business.
HEADER_22:
Failure to comply with laws or regulations applicable to our business could cause us to lose customers in the public sector, subject us to fines and penalties, or negatively impact our ability to contract with the public sector.
HEADER_23:
The cloud services version of our Splunk Enterprise product, Splunk Cloud, as well as cloud services for other products, are relatively new offerings, and market adoption of these cloud service offerings could adversely affect our business. 
HEADER_24:
Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our offerings could adversely affect our financial results and growth prospects.
HEADER_25:
Failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_26:
We have been, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are extremely costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies.
HEADER_27:
One of our marketing strategies is to offer trial versions, including online sandboxes of our offerings, and we may not be able to realize the benefits of this strategy.
HEADER_28:
If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our business and operating results may be adversely affected.
HEADER_29:
Our future performance depends in part on proper use of our community website, Splunkbase, and support from third-party software developers.
HEADER_30:
If poor advice or misinformation is spread through our community website, Splunk Answers, users of our offerings may experience unsatisfactory results from using our offerings, which could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to grow our business.
HEADER_31:
Our use of “open source” software could negatively affect our ability to sell our offerings and subject us to possible litigation.
HEADER_32:
If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our offerings may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce the use of or stop using our offerings, and we may incur significant liabilities.
HEADER_33:
We are subject to a number of legal requirements, contractual obligations and industry standards regarding security, data protection, and privacy and any failure to comply with these requirements, obligations or standards could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results.
HEADER_34:
If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our business could be adversely affected.
HEADER_35:
Prolonged economic uncertainties or downturns could materially adversely affect our business.
HEADER_36:
We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
HEADER_37:
We have in the past made and may in the future make acquisitions that could prove difficult to integrate and/or adversely affect our business operations and financial results.
HEADER_38:
If currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially in the future, our financial results, which are reported in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected.
HEADER_39:
The enactment of legislation implementing changes in the United States of taxation of international business activities or the adoption of other tax reform policies could materially impact our financial position and results of operations.
HEADER_40:
Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.
HEADER_41:
Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our financial results.
HEADER_42:
Our international operations subject us to potentially adverse tax consequences.
HEADER_43:
We could be subject to additional tax liabilities.
HEADER_44:
Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles applicable to us.
HEADER_45:
Our stock price has been volatile, may continue to be volatile and may decline regardless of our financial performance. 
HEADER_46:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_47:
Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
HEADER_48:
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members.
HEADER_49:
We are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. These internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock.
HEADER_50:
We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
HEADER_51:
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock.
