HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk.  You should carefully consider the following risks, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock.  Any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline, which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_4:
We have a history of losses, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future.  In addition, our revenue growth rate may not sustain the levels experienced in recent years.  
HEADER_5:
If we fail to increase market acceptance of our platform, enhance and adapt this platform to changing market dynamics and subscriber preferences, or keep pace with technological developments, our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects would be adversely affected.
HEADER_6:
Our business depends substantially on our subscribers renewing their subscriptions to our platform.  Any decline in the rate at which subscribers renew their subscriptions would harm our future operating results.
HEADER_7:
If our network or computer systems are breached or unauthorized access to subscriber or consumer data is otherwise obtained, our platform may be perceived as insecure, we may lose existing subscribers or fail to attract new subscribers, and we may incur significant liabilities.
HEADER_8:
Because our platform can be used to collect and store personal information, domestic and international privacy and data security concerns could result in additional costs and liabilities to us or inhibit sales of our platform.
HEADER_9:
We are subject to a number of legal requirements, industry standards and contractual obligations regarding security, data protection, and privacy and any failure to comply with these requirements, obligations or standards could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results.
HEADER_10:
Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure may adversely affect our business and operating results.
HEADER_11:
Real or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our platform could adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects.
HEADER_12:
Our payments platform is a core element of our business, and any failure to grow and develop our payment processing activities, or to anticipate changes in consumer behavior, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results.
HEADER_13:
Our payments platform is subject to U.S. and international rules and regulations, many of which are still developing.  If we fail to comply with such rules and regulations or if new laws, rules or practices applicable to payment systems restrict our ability to collect fees from our payments platform, our financial results could be materially and adversely effected.
HEADER_14:
If we incur an actual or perceived breach to our payments platform, we may incur significant liabilities and our brand and reputation may be damaged.
HEADER_15:
We are subject to risks related to our reliance on third-party processing partners to perform our payment processing services.
HEADER_16:
We may undertake to directly perform certain payment processing services and expand the scope of payment processing services we provide, which may require a significant investment of time and resources, and expand our exposure to potential liabilities.
HEADER_17:
If pricing for our software subscriptions is not acceptable to our customers, our operating results will be harmed.
HEADER_18:
The market for business management software is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_19:
Failure to effectively expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our subscriber base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform.
HEADER_20:
Even if the market for our platform grows as expected, our ability to achieve long-term revenue growth will primarily depend on our ability to sell subscriptions to a large number of new small and medium-sized businesses on a consistent basis and in a cost-effective manner, with each sale constituting only a small portion of our overall revenue.
HEADER_21:
Any failure to offer high-quality customer support may adversely affect our relationships with our subscribers and our financial results.
HEADER_22:
Our quarterly results may fluctuate for various reasons, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of your investment could decline substantially.
HEADER_23:
If we fail to manage the growth of our operations effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service or adequately address competitive challenges.
HEADER_24:
If we fail to effectively manage our growth in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our corporate culture, our business and operating results could be harmed.  
HEADER_25:
We depend on our executive officers and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_26:
If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, then our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
HEADER_27:
Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy or reductions in information technology spending could limit our ability to grow our business and adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_28:
The market for, and adoption of, our integrated cloud-based business management software and payments platform may not grow as expected.
HEADER_29:
Our financial results may fluctuate due to increasing variability in our sales cycles due to, among other things, an expansion of the focus of our sales efforts to include larger organizations.
HEADER_30:
Our future performance depends in part on support from our partner ecosystem.
HEADER_31:
The number of actual consumers using our platform may be lower than the number we have estimated.
HEADER_32:
Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_33:
We are subject to anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws with respect to our operations and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal and/or civil liability and harm our business.
HEADER_34:
Certain of our operating results and financial metrics may be difficult to predict as a result of seasonality.
HEADER_35:
Our business and growth depend in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties, including API platform partners, technology partners, and payments partners.
HEADER_36:
We depend and rely upon SaaS technologies from third parties and on technology systems and electronic communication networks that are supplied and managed by third parties to operate our business, and interruptions or performance problems with these technologies may adversely affect our business and operating results.
HEADER_37:
We have in the past completed acquisitions, and we may in the future acquire or invest in companies.  Such acquisitions and investments divert our management’s attention and may in some cases result in additional dilution to our stockholders.  In addition, we may be unable to integrate the acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions.
HEADER_38:
We may be sued for various claims including, among others, commercial claims, employment claims, and alleged infringement of third party proprietary rights.
HEADER_39:
Our use of “open source” software could adversely affect our ability to sell our platform and subject us to possible litigation.
HEADER_40:
Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand.
HEADER_41:
We may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs.
HEADER_42:
Our loan agreement contains operating and financial covenants that restrict our business and financing activities.
HEADER_43:
We have in the past identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting that, if not properly remediated, could result in material misstatements in our financial statements in future periods and impair our ability to comply with the accounting and reporting requirements applicable to public companies.
HEADER_44:
We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
HEADER_45:
We may be subject to additional tax liabilities in connection with our operations or due to future legislation, each of which could materially impact our financial position and results of operation.
HEADER_46:
Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.
HEADER_47:
Changes in laws and regulations related to the Internet or changes in the Internet infrastructure itself may diminish the demand for our platform, and could have a negative impact on our business.
HEADER_48:
Catastrophic events may disrupt our business.
HEADER_49:
We are subject to governmental economic sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we are not in compliance with applicable laws.
HEADER_50:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock
HEADER_51:
The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our capital stock prior to the completion of our initial public offering, including our executive officers, employees and directors and their affiliates, which limits your ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control.
HEADER_52:
Anti-takeover provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt.
HEADER_53:
An active trading market for our Class A common stock may not be sustained.
HEADER_54:
The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
HEADER_55:
Future sales of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could depress the market price of our Class A common stock.
HEADER_56:
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members.
HEADER_57:
We are an “emerging growth company,” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors.
HEADER_58:
If our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, it may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our Class A common stock could decline.
HEADER_59:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, our market or our competitors, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock, the market price of our Class A common stock and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_60:
We do not expect to declare any dividends on our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future so any returns will be limited to changes in the value of our Class A common stock.
