HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors.
HEADER_2:
You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Form 10-K in evaluating Hewlett Packard Enterprise and its common stock. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation" and the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplemental Data" of this Form 10-K.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_4:
If we are unsuccessful at addressing our business challenges, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected and our ability to invest in and grow our business could be limited.
HEADER_5:
We operate in an intensely competitive industry and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance.
HEADER_6:
If we cannot successfully execute our go-to-market strategy and continue to develop, manufacture and market innovative products, services and solutions, our business and financial performance may suffer.
HEADER_7:
If we cannot continue to produce quality products and services, our reputation, business and financial performance may suffer
HEADER_8:
If we fail to manage the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could suffer.
HEADER_9:
Recent global, regional and local economic weakness and uncertainty could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
HEADER_10:
Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes or other factors could harm our business and financial performance.
HEADER_11:
We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
HEADER_12:
The revenue and profitability of our operations have historically varied, which makes our future financial results less predictable.
HEADER_13:
We depend on third-party suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage our suppliers properly.
HEADER_14:
Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses.
HEADER_15:
Our uneven sales cycle makes planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable.
HEADER_16:
Any failure by us to identify, manage and complete acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial results, business and prospects.
HEADER_17:
Integrating acquisitions may be difficult and time-consuming. Any failure by us to integrate acquired companies, products or services into our overall business in a timely manner could harm our financial results, business and prospects.
HEADER_18:
We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring plans and our restructuring may adversely affect our business.
HEADER_19:
Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend.
HEADER_20:
Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties.
HEADER_21:
Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, including patent infringement, are commonplace in the IT industry and successful third-party claims may limit or disrupt our ability to sell our products and services.
HEADER_22:
The allocation of intellectual property rights that was made between Hewlett Packard Enterprise and HP Inc. as part of the separation of the two entities, and the shared use of certain intellectual property rights following the Separation, could in the future adversely impact our reputation, our ability to enforce certain intellectual property rights that are important to us and our competitive position.
HEADER_23:
Our business and financial performance could suffer if we do not manage the risks associated with our Enterprise Services business properly.
HEADER_24:
Failure to comply with our customer contracts or government contracting regulations could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_25:
We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our Combined Financial Statements and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_26:
Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our financial performance.
HEADER_27:
In order to be successful, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, develop and transition key employees, and failure to do so could seriously harm us.
HEADER_28:
System security risks, data protection breaches, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or IT services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely affect our stock price.
HEADER_29:
Terrorist acts, conflicts, wars and geopolitical uncertainties may seriously harm our business and revenue, costs and expenses and financial condition and stock price.
HEADER_30:
Our business is subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that could result in costs or other sanctions that adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_31:
Our stock price has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate, which may make future prices of our stock difficult to predict.
HEADER_32:
Failure to maintain a satisfactory credit rating could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to capital markets.
HEADER_33:
Our debt obligations may adversely affect our business and our ability to meet our obligations and pay dividends.
HEADER_34:
Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock.
HEADER_35:
Risks Related to the Proposed Separation of our Enterprise Services Business and our Software Segment
HEADER_36:
Each of the proposed separation of our Enterprise Services business and subsequent merger with CSC, and the proposed separation of our Software segment and subsequent merger with Micro Focus, may not be consummated as or when planned or at all, and may not achieve the intended benefits.
HEADER_37:
The stock distribution in either or both of the Business Separations could result in significant tax liability, and CSC or Micro Focus (as applicable) may in certain cases be obligated to indemnify us for any such tax liability imposed on us.
HEADER_38:
Risks Related to the Prior Separation from Former Parent
HEADER_39:
If the distribution, together with certain related transactions, does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Hewlett Packard Enterprise and those who received Hewlett Packard Enterprise common stock in the distribution could be subject to significant tax liabilities, and, in certain circumstances, Hewlett Packard Enterprise could be required to indemnify HP Inc. for material taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement.
HEADER_40:
We may not be able to engage in desirable strategic or capital-raising transactions following the Separation.
HEADER_41:
We have limited history of operating as an independent company and we expect to incur increased administrative and other costs following the Separation by virtue of our status as an independent public company. Our historical financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results.
HEADER_42:
The Separation and Distribution Agreement that we entered into with our former Parent may limit our ability to compete in certain markets and may impose limitations on our recruiting efforts for a period of time following the Separation.
HEADER_43:
Hewlett Packard Enterprise or HP Inc. may fail to perform under the transition services agreement and other transaction agreements executed as part of the Separation, and we may not have necessary systems and services in place when these transaction agreements expire.
HEADER_44:
The Separation may in the future result in disruptions to, and negatively impact our relationships with, our customers and other business partners. In addition, certain contracts that that needed to be assigned from HP Inc. or its affiliates to Hewlett Packard Enterprise in connection with the Separation and required the consent of the counterparty to such an assignment have not, as yet, and failure to obtain these consents could increase our expenses or otherwise harm our business and financial performance.
HEADER_45:
Indemnification liabilities to HP Inc. pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
HEADER_46:
In connection with the Separation, HP Inc. has indemnified us for certain liabilities. However, there can be no assurance that the indemnity will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that HP Inc.'s ability to satisfy its indemnification obligation will not be impaired in the future.
HEADER_47:
We are subject to continuing contingent liabilities as a result of our separation from our former Parent.
HEADER_48:
Potential liabilities may arise due to fraudulent transfer considerations, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
