HEADER_1:
Item 1A.    Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
Before deciding to invest in j2 Global or to maintain or increase your investment, you should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, including our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock will likely decline and you may lose part or all of your investment.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related To Our Business
HEADER_4:
Our fax services constitute a significant percentage of our revenue.
HEADER_5:
We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results.
HEADER_6:
The majority of our revenue within the Digital Media segment is derived from short-term advertising arrangements and a reduction in spending by or loss of current or potential advertisers would cause our revenue and operating results to decline.
HEADER_7:
If we are unable to develop, commission or acquire compelling content in our Digital Media segment at acceptable prices, our expenses may increase, the number of visitors to our online properties may not grow as anticipated, or may decline, and/or visitors’ level of engagement with our websites may decline, any of which could harm our operating results.
HEADER_8:
Acquisitions and investments in our business have historically played a significant role in our growth and we anticipate that they will continue to do so.
HEADER_9:
Political instability and volatility in the economy may adversely affect segments of our customers, which may result in decreased usage and advertising levels, customer acquisition and customer retention rates and, in turn, could lead to a decrease in our revenues or rate of revenue growth.
HEADER_10:
Users are increasingly using mobile devices to access our content within our Digital Media business segment and if we are unsuccessful in attracting new users to our mobile offerings, and expanding the capabilities of our content and other offerings with respect to our mobile platforms, our net revenues could decline. 
HEADER_11:
In our Digital Media business, if we are unable to prove that our advertising and sponsorship solutions provide an attractive return on investment for our customers, our financial results could be harmed.
HEADER_12:
We could be subject to changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities which may adversely impact our financial results.
HEADER_13:
Our business, customers and users may be subject to telecommunications and sales taxes.
HEADER_14:
A system failure, security breach or other technological risk could delay or interrupt service to our customers, harm our reputation or subject us to significant liability.
HEADER_15:
Increased numbers of credit and debit card declines in our cloud business could lead to a decrease in our cloud business revenues or rate of revenue growth.
HEADER_16:
If our Business Cloud Services segment experiences excessive fraudulent activity or cannot meet evolving credit card company merchant standards, we could incur substantial costs and lose the right to accept credit cards for payment and our subscriber base could decrease significantly.
HEADER_17:
The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and our competitors may have greater resources to commit to growth, superior technologies, cheaper pricing or more effective marketing strategies. Also, we face significant competition for users, advertisers, publishers, developers and distributors.
HEADER_18:
Our growth will depend on our ability to develop, strengthen, and protect our brands, and these efforts may be costly and have varying degrees of success.
HEADER_19:
As a creator and a distributor of content over the Internet, we face potential liability for legal claims based on the nature and content of the materials that we create or distribute.
HEADER_20:
Failure to provide online CME as part of our newly-acquired MedPage Today offering could adversely affect our professional business.
HEADER_21:
Inadequate intellectual property protections could prevent us from defending our proprietary technology and intellectual property.
HEADER_22:
We may be found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, which could expose us to substantial damages or restrict our operations.
HEADER_23:
We may be subject to risks from international operations.
HEADER_24:
As we continue to grow our international operations, adverse currency fluctuations and foreign exchange controls could have a material adverse effect on our balance sheet and results of operations.
HEADER_25:
We may be engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could divert significant operational resources and our management’s time and attention.
HEADER_26:
The successful operation of our business depends upon the supply of critical business elements and marketing relationships from other companies.
HEADER_27:
Our business is highly dependent on our billing systems.
HEADER_28:
Our success depends on our retention of our executive officers, senior management and our ability to hire and retain key personnel.
HEADER_29:
We are exposed to risk if we cannot maintain or adhere to our internal controls and procedures.
HEADER_30:
A substantial portion of our cash and investments is invested outside of the U.S. We may be subject to incremental taxes upon repatriation of such funds to the U.S.
HEADER_31:
Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial flexibility and our competitive position.
HEADER_32:
To service our debt and fund our other capital requirements, we will require a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate cash will depend on many factors beyond our control.
HEADER_33:
The terms of the Credit Agreement and the indenture governing the Senior Notes restrict our current and future operations and, in the case of the indenture, those of j2 Cloud Services, particularly the ability of us and our subsidiaries to respond to changes or to take certain actions.
HEADER_34:
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Convertible Notes or to repurchase the Convertible Notes upon a fundamental change or on a repurchase date or the Senior Notes upon a change in control, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Convertible Notes or the Senior Notes.
HEADER_35:
The conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
HEADER_36:
Our interest deductions attributable to the Convertible Notes may be deferred, limited or eliminated under certain conditions.
HEADER_37:
Risks Related To Our Industries
HEADER_38:
Our services may become subject to burdensome regulation, which could increase our costs or restrict our service offerings.
HEADER_39:
We are subject to a variety of new and existing laws and regulations which could subject us to claims, judgments, monetary liabilities and other remedies, and to limitations on our business practices.
HEADER_40:
Government and private actions or self-regulatory developments regarding Internet privacy matters could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.
HEADER_41:
We face potential liability related to the privacy and security of health-related information we collect from, or on behalf of, our consumers and customers.
HEADER_42:
Developments in the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_43:
Government regulation of healthcare creates risks and challenges with respect to our compliance efforts and our business strategies with our Everyday Health brand.
HEADER_44:
Our business could suffer if providers of broadband Internet access services block, impair or degrade our services.
HEADER_45:
Our cloud services business is dependent on a small number of telecommunications carriers in each region and our inability to maintain agreements at attractive rates with such carriers may negatively impact our business.
HEADER_46:
Our business could suffer if we cannot obtain or retain numbers, are prohibited from obtaining local numbers or are limited to distributing local numbers to only certain customers.
HEADER_47:
We may be subject to increased rates for the telecommunications services we purchase from regulated carriers which could require us to either raise the retail prices of our offerings and lose customers or reduce our profit margins.
HEADER_48:
New technologies have been developed that are able to block certain of our advertisements or impair our ability to serve interest-based advertising which could harm our operating results.
HEADER_49:
If we or our third-party service providers fail to prevent click fraud or choose to manage traffic quality in a way that advertisers find unsatisfactory, our profitability may decline.
HEADER_50:
If we are unable to continue to attract visitors to our websites from search engines, then consumer traffic to our websites could decrease, which could negatively impact the sales of our products and services, our advertising revenue and the number of purchases generated for our retailers through our Digital Media marketplace.
HEADER_51:
The industries in which we operate are undergoing rapid technological changes and we may not be able to keep up.
HEADER_52:
Increased cost of email transmissions could have a material adverse effect on our business.
HEADER_53:
Risks Related To Our Stock
HEADER_54:
The fundamental change purchase feature of the Convertible Notes and the change of control features of the Senior Notes and the Credit Agreement may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial attempt to take over our company.
HEADER_55:
Conversions of the Convertible Notes will dilute the ownership interest of our existing stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their Convertible Notes.
HEADER_56:
We are a holding company and our operations are conducted through, and substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by, our subsidiaries, which are subject to certain restrictions on their ability to pay dividends to us to fund dividends on our stock, pay interest on the Convertible Notes and fund other holding company expenses.
HEADER_57:
Quarterly dividends may not continue, may not continue to grow or could decrease.
HEADER_58:
Future sales of our common stock may negatively affect our stock price.
HEADER_59:
Anti-takeover provisions could negatively impact our stockholders.
HEADER_60:
Our stock price may be volatile or may decline.
