HEADER_1:
Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making an investment decision. We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
HEADER_3:
We expect our revenue growth rate to continue to decline, and we may continue to incur losses in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
HEADER_4:
If we suffer a cyber-security event, we may lose customers and incur significant liabilities, any of which would harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_5:
If we do not accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to rapidly evolving technological and market developments, our competitive position and business prospects may be harmed. 
HEADER_6:
Delays in the release of, or actual or perceived defects in, new or updated products may slow the adoption of our most recent technologies, reduce our ability to efficiently provide our services, decrease customer satisfaction, increase our vulnerability to cyber attacks, and adversely impact sales of additional products to our customers.
HEADER_7:
Various factors, including our customers’ business, integration, migration and security requirements, or errors by us or our partners, may cause implementations of our products to be delayed, inefficient or otherwise unsuccessful.
HEADER_8:
Disruptions or defects in our services could damage our customers’ businesses, subject us to substantial liability and harm our reputation and financial results.
HEADER_9:
Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period, and if we fail to meet the financial performance expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially.
HEADER_10:
Changes in our effective tax rate could impact our financial results.
HEADER_11:
Uncertainties in the interpretation and application of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. 
HEADER_12:
Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles applicable to us.
HEADER_13:
Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could harm our financial results.
HEADER_14:
The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively our business and operating results will be adversely affected.
HEADER_15:
Lawsuits against us by third-parties that allege we infringe their intellectual property rights could harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_16:
Our intellectual property protections may not provide us with a competitive advantage, and defending our intellectual property may result in substantial expenses that harm our operating results. 
HEADER_17:
If we are unsuccessful in increasing our penetration of international markets or managing the risks associated with foreign markets, our business and operating results will be adversely affected.
HEADER_18:
If we lose key employees or are unable to attract and retain the employees we need, our business and operating results will be adversely affected.
HEADER_19:
Privacy laws and concerns, evolving regulation of cloud computing, cross-border data transfer restrictions, other foreign and domestic regulations and standards related to personal data and the Internet may adversely affect our business.
HEADER_20:
Because we generally recognize revenues from our subscription service over the subscription term, a decrease in new or renewed subscriptions during a reporting period may not be immediately reflected in our operating results for that period. 
HEADER_21:
A decrease in new or renewed subscriptions in a reporting period may not be immediately reflected in our billings results for that period due to factors that may offset the decrease.  
HEADER_22:
As we acquire or invest in companies and technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the acquisitions and investments may divert our management’s attention and result in additional dilution to our stockholders.
HEADER_23:
A portion of our revenues are generated by sales to government entities and heavily regulated organizations, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks.
HEADER_24:
Our use of open source software could harm our ability to sell our services and subject us to possible litigation.
HEADER_25:
If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected.
HEADER_26:
Global economic conditions may harm our industry, business and results of operations.
HEADER_27:
Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could harm our business.
HEADER_28:
Risks Related to Our 0% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2022 (2022 Notes) and Our 0% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018 (2018 Notes)
HEADER_29:
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the convertible senior notes in cash or to repurchase the convertible senior notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the convertible senior notes.
HEADER_30:
The conditional conversion feature of the 2022 Notes and 2018 Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
HEADER_31:
The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of the 2022 Notes and 2018 Notes and our common stock.
HEADER_32:
We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the 2022 Note Hedge and 2018 Note Hedge transactions.
HEADER_33:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
HEADER_34:
The market price of our common stock has historically been and is likely to continue to be volatile and could subject us to litigation.
HEADER_35:
We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to changes in the value of our common stock.
HEADER_36:
Provisions in our charter documents, Delaware law, our 2022 Notes and our 2018 Notes might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock.
