CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:
Many of our customers typically purchase our products pursuant to individual purchase orders or contracts that do not contain purchase commitments. Some customers provide us with their expected forecasts for our products several months in advance, but these customers may decrease, cancel or delay purchase orders already in place, including on short notice, and the impact of any such actions may be intensified given our dependence on a small number of large customers. If any of our major customers decrease, stop or delay purchasing our products for any reason, our business and results of operations would be harmed. Cancellation or delays of such orders may cause us to fail to achieve our short-term and long-term financial and operating goals and result in excess and obsolete inventory.
CONTENT_3:
Historically, we have generated most of our revenues from a limited number of customers. Our dependence on a limited number of customers is due to the fact that the optical telecommunications and data communications systems industries are dominated by a small number of large companies. These companies in turn depend primarily on a limited number of major telecommunications carrier and data center customers to purchase their products that incorporate our optical components. The industry in which our customers operate is subject to a trend of consolidation. To the extent this trend continues, we may become dependent on even fewer customers to maintain and grow our revenues. During the fiscal years ended July&#160;1, 2017, July&#160;2, 2016&#32;and June&#160;27, 2015, our three largest customers accounted for 50 percent, 44 percent&#32;and 45 percent&#32;of our revenues, respectively. Because we rely on a limited number of customers for significant percentages of our revenues, a decrease in demand for our products from any of our major customers for any reason (including due to market conditions, catastrophic events, government action or otherwise) could have a materially adverse impact on our financial conditions and results of operations. For example, as discussed below, in early March 2016, we temporarily ceased shipment of products to Zhongxing Telecommunications Equipment Corporation and its subsidiary, ZTE Kangxun Telecommunications Ltd. (collectively, "ZTE"), one of our significant customers, because the U.S. Department of Commerce (the "DOC") imposed additional licensing restrictions.
CONTENT_4:
The market for optical components and modules is highly competitive and this competition could result in our existing customers moving their orders to our competitors. We are aware of a number of companies that have developed or are developing optical component products, including tunable lasers, pluggable components, modulators and subsystems, among others, that compete directly with our current and proposed product offerings.Certain of our competitors may be able to more quickly and effectively:&#160;&#8226;develop or respond to new technologies or technical standards;&#8226;react to changing customer requirements and expectations;&#8226;devote needed resources to the development, production, promotion and sale of products; &#8226;attain high manufacturing yields on new product designs; and&#8226;deliver competitive products at lower prices.11Table of Contents Some of our current competitors, as well as some of our potential competitors in adjacent industries such as semiconductors and data communications, have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, broader customer relationships and industry alliances and substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do.  Our competitors and new Chinese companies are establishing manufacturing operations in China and other Asian countries to take advantage of comparatively low manufacturing costs. In addition, network equipment manufacturers and service providers may decide to design and manufacture the optical module and subsystems portions of their products in-house, rather than outsourcing to companies like us.  This type of product disaggregation could result in lower revenues and materially and adversely affect our business model.All of these risks may be increased if the market were to further consolidate through mergers or other business combinations between our competitors.  We may not be able to compete successfully with our competitors and aggressive competition in the market may result in lower prices for our products, fewer design wins and/or decreased gross margins. Any such development could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_5:
Across the entire network, our customers are demanding increased performance from our products, at lower prices and in smaller and lower power designs. These requirements stretch the capabilities of our optical chips, packages and electronics to the limit of technical feasibility. In addition, these demands are often customer specific, leading to numerous product variations and increased costs. We enter our new product introduction process with clear performance and cost goals. Because of the complexity of design requirements, executing on these goals is becoming increasingly difficult and less predictable. These difficulties could result in product sampling delays and/or missing targets on key specifications and customer requirements, leading to design losses. Our failure to meet our customers' technical and performance requirements for these products could result in our customers seeking alternative suppliers for these products, or increased costs to us, either of which would adversely affect our results of operations.
CONTENT_6:
We may not be able to maintain or improve our gross margins, due to slow introductions of new products, pricing pressure from increased competition, the failure to effectively reduce the cost of existing products, the failure to improve our product mix, the potential for future macroeconomic or market volatility reducing sales volumes, changes in customer demand (including a change in product mix between different areas of our business) or other factors. Our gross margins can also be adversely impacted for reasons including, but not limited to, fixed manufacturing costs that would not be expected to decrease in proportion to any decrease in revenues; unfavorable production yields or variances; increases in costs of input parts and materials; the timing of movements in our inventory balances; warranty costs and related returns; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; and possible exposure to inventory reserves. Any failure to maintain, or improve, our gross margins will adversely affect our financial results, including our goals to maintain profitability and sustainable cash flow from operations.
CONTENT_7:
Our financial results have been and will continue to be materially impacted by foreign currency fluctuations. At certain times in our history, declines in the value of the U.S. dollar versus the U.K. pound sterling and the Japanese yen have had a major negative effect on our margins and our cash flow. A significant portion of our expenses are denominated in U.K. pounds sterling and Japanese yen and substantially all of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars.Fluctuations in the exchange rate between these currencies and, to a lesser extent, other currencies in which we collect revenues and/or pay expenses could have a material effect on our future operating results. For example, on June 23, 2016, the U.K. citizens voted in a referendum to exit the European Union, which resulted in a sharp decline in the value of the British pound, which may impact our future manufacturing overhead and operating expenses. Also during fiscal year 2017, the Japanese yen depreciated approximately 10 percent&#32;relative to the U.S. dollar, impacting our manufacturing overhead and operating expenses. If the U.S. dollar appreciates or depreciates relative to the U.K. pound sterling and/or Japanese yen in the future, our future operating results may be materially impacted. Additional exposure could also result should the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Chinese yuan or the Euro vary more significantly than they have to date. We periodically engage in currency hedging transactions in an effort to cover some of our exposure to U.S. dollar to U.K. pound sterling and Japanese Yen currency fluctuations, and we may be required to convert currencies to meet our obligations. Our hedging contracts currently do not exceed 90 days.  These transactions may not operate to fully hedge our exposure to currency fluctuations, and under certain circumstances, these transactions could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.12Table of Contents
CONTENT_8:
Many of our new product samples for metro, data center and long haul 100 and 200 gigahertz ("GHz") communication applications have been well received by potential customers of these products. As a result, we anticipate significant backlog for these new generation products. These newer generation products typically will have greater functionality and a smaller footprint, resulting in more complexity in the manufacturing process. This increased complexity may result in lower manufacturing yields or more difficulty manufacturing them in volume. If we experience large demand for these products and are unable to manufacture them in sufficient volume, we would fall short of our planned output and revenue targets as we move from low volume sampling to manufacturing for commercial production. In addition, a production ramp for certain products can include a manufacturing transition between two or more locations which carries an inherent risk of delay. For example, we are currently in the process of ramping the production of our 100 Gb/s QSFP28 client side transceivers at our Sagamihara, Japan facility, in coordination with our contract manufacturers Toyo and Fabrinet in Thailand. Our failure to satisfy our customers' demand for these products could result in our customers postponing or canceling orders or seeking alternative suppliers for these products, which would materially harm our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations.
CONTENT_9:
Manufacturing yields depend on a number of factors, including the volume of production due to customer demand and the nature and extent of changes in specifications required by customers for which we perform design-in work. Higher volumes due to demand for a fixed, rather than continually changing, design generally results in higher manufacturing yields, whereas lower volume production generally results in lower yields. In addition, lower yields may result, and have in the past resulted, from commercial shipments of products prior to full manufacturing qualification to the applicable specifications. Changes in manufacturing processes required as a result of changes in product specifications, changing customer needs, introduction of new product lines and changes in contract manufacturers have historically caused, and may in the future cause, significantly reduced manufacturing yields, resulting in low or negative margins on those products. Moreover, an increase in the rejection rate of products during the quality control process, before, during or after manufacture, results in lower gross margins from lower yields and additional rework costs. Finally, manufacturing yields and margins can also be lower if we receive or inadvertently use defective or contaminated materials from our suppliers. Any reduction in our manufacturing yields will adversely affect our gross margins and could have a material impact on our operating results.
CONTENT_10:
We may experience delays, disruptions or quality control problems in our manufacturing operations or the manufacturing operations of our subcontractors. As a result, we could incur additional costs that would adversely affect our gross margins, and our product shipments to our customers could be delayed beyond the shipment schedules requested by our customers, which would negatively affect our revenues, competitive position and reputation. Furthermore, even if we are able to deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, we may be unable to recognize revenues at the time of delivery based on our revenue recognition policies.
CONTENT_11:
Many of our customers have significant purchasing power and, accordingly, have requested more favorable terms and conditions, including extended payment terms, than we typically provide. &#160;In order for us to remain competitive, we may be required to accommodate these requests, which may include granting terms that affect the timing of our receipt of cash.&#160; As a result, these more favorable customer terms may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 13Table of Contents
CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:

CONTENT_14:
We need to manage our inventory of component parts and finished goods effectively to meet changing customer requirements. Some of our products and supplies have in the past, and may in the future, become obsolete or be deemed excess while in inventory due to rapidly changing customer specifications or a decrease in customer demand. We also have exposure to contractual liabilities to our contract manufacturers for inventories purchased by them on our behalf, based on our forecasted requirements, which may become excess or obsolete. Our inventory balances also represent an investment of cash. To the extent our inventory turns are slower than we anticipate based on historical practice, our cash conversion cycle extends and more of our cash remains invested in working capital. If we are not able to manage our inventory effectively, we may need to write down the value of some of our existing inventory or write off non-saleable or obsolete inventory. We have from time to time incurred significant inventory-related charges. Any such charges we incur in future periods could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and our cash flow.
CONTENT_15:
We depend on a limited number of suppliers of raw materials and equipment used to manufacture our products. We currently also depend on a limited number of contract manufacturers, principally Fabrinet in Thailand, Venture Corporation Limited ("Venture") in Malaysia, Toyo in Japan and Thailand, and eLASER in Taiwan, to manufacture certain of our products. Some of these suppliers are our sole sources for certain materials and equipment. We typically have not entered into long-term agreements with our suppliers other than Fabrinet and Venture. As a result, these suppliers generally may stop supplying us materials and equipment at any time. Our reliance on a sole supplier or limited number of suppliers could result in delivery problems, reduced control over product pricing and quality, and an inability to identify and qualify another supplier in a timely manner. Some of our suppliers that may be small or under-capitalized may experience financial difficulties that could prevent them from supplying us materials and equipment. In addition, our suppliers, including our sole source suppliers, may experience manufacturing delays or shut downs due to circumstances beyond their control such as earthquakes, floods, fires, labor unrest, political unrest, trade disputes or other natural disasters.14Table of Contents Any supply deficiencies relating to the quality or quantities of materials or equipment we use to manufacture our products could materially and adversely affect our ability to fulfill customer orders and our results of operations. Lead times for the purchase of certain materials and equipment from suppliers have increased and in some cases have limited our ability to rapidly respond to increased demand, and may continue to do so in the future. To the extent we introduce additional contract manufacturing partners, introduce new products with new partners and/or move existing internal or external production lines to new partners, we could experience supply disruptions during the transition process. In addition, due to our customers&#8217; requirements relating to the qualification of our suppliers and contract manufacturing facilities and operations, we cannot quickly enter into alternative supplier relationships, which prevents us from being able to respond immediately to adverse events affecting our suppliers.
CONTENT_16:
Over the past few years, the world&#8217;s financial markets have experienced significant turmoil, resulting in reductions in available credit, increased costs of credit, extreme volatility in security prices, potential changes to existing credit terms, and rating downgrades of investments. In the past, due to these conditions, many of our customers reduced their spending plans, leading them to draw down their existing inventory and reduce orders for our products. It is possible that changes in current economic conditions could result in similar setbacks in the future, and that some of our customers could as a result reduce production levels of existing products, defer introduction of new products or place orders and accept delivery for products for which they do not pay us due to their economic difficulties or other reasons. In the past, financial market volatility has materially and adversely affected the market conditions in the industries in which we operate, and has had a material adverse impact on our revenues. Our suppliers may also be adversely affected by economic conditions that may impact their ability to provide important components used in our manufacturing processes on a timely basis, or at all. To a large degree, orders from our customers are dependent on demand from telecom carriers around the world. Telecom carrier capital expenditure plans and execution can also be adversely impacted, both in terms of total spend and in determination of areas of investment within network infrastructures, by global and regional macroeconomic conditions. We are unable to predict the likely occurrence, severity or duration of any potential future disruption in financial markets or adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries, but the longer the duration the greater the risks we face in operating our business.
CONTENT_17:
Our future success will depend, in large part, upon our intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, design rights, trade secrets, trademarks and know-how. We maintain an active program of identifying technology appropriate for patent protection. Our practice is to require employees and consultants to execute non-disclosure and proprietary rights agreements upon commencement of employment or consulting arrangements. These agreements acknowledge our exclusive ownership of all intellectual property developed by the individuals during their work for us and require that all proprietary information disclosed will remain confidential. Although such agreements may be binding, they may not be enforceable in full or in part in all jurisdictions and any breach of a confidentiality obligation could have a negative effect on our business and our remedy for such breach may be limited.Our intellectual property portfolio is an important corporate asset. The steps we have taken and may take in the future to protect our intellectual property may not adequately prevent misappropriation or ensure that others will not develop competitive technologies or products. We cannot assure you that our competitors will not successfully challenge the validity of our patents or design products that avoid infringement of our proprietary rights with respect to our technology. There can be no assurance that other companies are not investigating or developing other similar technologies, any patents will be issued from any application pending or filed by us, or, if patents are issued, the claims allowed will be sufficiently broad to deter or prohibit others from marketing similar products. In addition, we cannot assure you that any patents issued to us will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that the rights under those patents will provide a competitive advantage to us or that our products and technology will be adequately covered by our patents and other intellectual property. Further, the laws of certain regions in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold, including Asia-Pacific, Southeast Asia and Latin America, may not be enforceable to protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, the United Kingdom and continental European countries. This is especially relevant since we have transferred our assembly and test operations and chip-on-carrier operations, including certain engineering-related functions, to Shenzhen, China, and have completed the transition of portions of these assembly and test operations to Venture in Malaysia.  If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, this may impede the development of new technologies and products, and our financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.15Table of Contents
CONTENT_18:
Our revenues, growth rates and operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of factors that are outside our control. We may not achieve similar revenues, growth rates or operating results in future periods. Our revenues, growth rates and operating results for any prior quarterly or annual period should not be relied upon as any indication of our future revenues, growth rates or operating results.  The timing of order placement, size of orders and satisfaction of contractual customer acceptance criteria, changes in the pricing of our products due to competitive pressures as well as order or shipment delays or deferrals, with respect to our products, may cause material fluctuations in revenues. Slower growth rates in China and for some of our client side transceivers may also cause our results to fluctuate. Our lengthy sales cycle, which may extend to more than one year, may cause our revenues and operating results to vary from period to period and it may be difficult to predict the timing and amount of any variation. Delays or deferrals in purchasing decisions by our customers may increase as we develop new or enhanced products for new markets, including data communications, industrial, research, consumer and biotechnology markets. Purchase decisions by our customers are also impacted by the capital expenditure plans of the global telecom carriers, which tend to be the primary customers of our customers. Our current and anticipated future dependence on a small number of customers increases the revenue impact of each such customer&#8217;s decision to delay or defer purchases from us, or decision not to purchase products from us. Our expense levels in the future will be based, in large part, on our expectations regarding future revenue sources and, as a result, operating results for any quarterly period in which material orders fail to occur, or are delayed or deferred, could be significantly harmed. Because our business is capital intensive, significant fluctuations in our revenues, without a corresponding decrease in expenses, can have a significant adverse impact on our operating results.
CONTENT_19:
The markets for our products are characterized by changing technology and continuing process development. The future of our business will depend in large part upon the continuing relevance of our technological capabilities, and our ability to introduce new products that address our customers&#8217; requirements for more cost-effective and higher bandwidth solutions. Our inability to successfully launch or sustain new or next generation programs or product features that anticipate or adequately address future market trends and market transitions in a timely manner could materially adversely affect our revenues and financial results. We may also encounter competition from new or revised technologies that render our products less profitable or obsolete in our chosen markets, and our operating results may suffer. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that we will introduce new or next generation products in a timely manner, these products will gain market acceptance, or new product revenues will increase at a rate sufficient to replace declining legacy product revenues, and failure to do so could materially affect our operating results.
CONTENT_20:
Most of our customers do not purchase products, other than limited numbers of evaluation units, prior to qualification of the manufacturing line for volume production. Our existing manufacturing lines, as well as each new manufacturing line, must pass through varying levels of qualification with our customers. Our manufacturing lines have passed our qualification standards, as well as our technical standards. However, our customers also require that our manufacturing lines pass their specific qualification standards and that we, and any subcontractors that we may use, be registered under international quality standards. In addition, we have in the past encountered, and may in the future encounter, quality control issues as a result of relocating our manufacturing lines or introducing new products to fill production. We may be unable to obtain customer qualification of our manufacturing lines or we may experience delays in obtaining customer qualification of our manufacturing lines. If we introduce new contract manufacturing partners and move any production lines from existing internal or external facilities, the new production lines will likely need to be re-qualified with our customers. Any delays or failure to obtain qualifications would harm our operating results and customer relationships.
CONTENT_21:

CONTENT_22:

CONTENT_23:
From time to time, we consider acquisitions or mergers, collectively referred to as &#8220;acquisitions,&#8221; of other businesses, assets or companies that would complement our current product offerings, enhance our intellectual property rights or offer other competitive opportunities. For example, on March&#160;26, 2012, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization with Opnext, which was completed on July&#160;23, 2012. However, in the future, we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates at 17Table of Contents prices we consider appropriate. In addition, we are in an industry that is actively consolidating and, as a result, there is no guarantee that we will successfully and satisfactorily bid against third parties, including competitors, when we identify a critical target we want to acquire.We cannot readily predict the timing or size of our future acquisitions, or the success of our recent or future acquisitions. Failure to successfully implement our future acquisition plans could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Even successful acquisitions could have the effect of reducing our cash balances, diluting the ownership interests of existing stockholders or increasing our indebtedness. For example, in our acquisition of Opnext we issued approximately 38.4&#160;million newly issued shares of our common stock to the former stockholders of Opnext.All acquisitions involve potential risks and uncertainties, including the following, any of which could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations:&#160;&#8226;failure to realize the potential financial or strategic benefits of the acquisition;&#8226;increased costs associated with merged or acquired operations;&#8226;increased indebtedness obligations;&#8226;economic dilution to gross and operating profit (loss) and earnings (loss) per share;&#8226;failure to successfully further develop the combined, acquired or remaining technology, which could, among other things, result in the impairment of amounts recorded as goodwill or other intangible assets;&#8226;unanticipated costs and liabilities and unforeseen accounting charges;&#8226;difficulty in integrating product offerings;&#8226;difficulty in coordinating and rationalizing research and development activities to enhance introduction of new products and technologies with reduced cost;&#8226;difficulty in coordinating and integrating the manufacturing activities, including with respect to third-party manufacturers, including coordination, integration or transfers of any manufacturing activities;&#8226;delays and difficulties in delivery of products and services;&#8226;failure to effectively integrate or separate management information systems, personnel, research and development, marketing, sales and support operations;&#8226;difficulty in maintaining internal control procedures and disclosure controls that comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or poor integration of a target&#8217;s procedures and controls;&#8226;difficulty in preserving important relationships of our acquired businesses and resolving potential conflicts between business cultures;&#8226;uncertainty on the part of our existing customers, or the customers of an acquired company, about our ability to operate effectively after a transaction, and the potential loss of such customers;&#8226;loss of key employees;&#8226;difficulty in coordinating the global activities of our acquired businesses;&#8226;inherited tax liabilities from our acquisitions together with the effect of tax laws and other legal and regulatory regimes due to increasing the scope of our global operating structure;&#8226;greater exposure to the impact of foreign currency changes on our business;&#8226;the effect of employment law or regulations or other limitations in foreign jurisdictions that could have an impact on timing, amounts or costs of achieving expected synergies; and&#8226;substantial demands on our management as a result of these transactions that may limit their time to attend to other operational, financial, business and strategic issues.Our integration with acquired businesses has been and will continue to be a complex, time-consuming and expensive process. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully integrate these businesses in a timely manner, or at all, or that any of the anticipated benefits from our previous or future acquisitions will be realized. There are inherent challenges in integrating the operations of geographically diverse companies. We may have difficulty, and may incur unanticipated expenses related to, integrating management and personnel from our acquisitions. Our failure to achieve the strategic objectives of our past and future acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, expenses and our other operating results and cash resources, and could result in us not achieving the anticipated potential benefits of these transactions. In addition, we cannot assure you that 18Table of Contents the growth rate of the combined company will equal the historical growth rate experienced by any of the companies that we have acquired. Comparable risks would accompany any divestiture of businesses or assets we might undertake.In addition, even if we successfully integrate the operations of companies that we have acquired or may acquire in the future, we cannot predict with certainty which strategic, financial or operating synergies or other benefits, if any, will actually be achieved from our acquisition, the timing of any such benefits, or whether those benefits which have been achieved will be sustainable on a long-term basis. Our failure to successfully integrate the operations of companies that we acquire would likely have a material and adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  In addition, we may receive inquiries relating to potential strategic transactions, including from third parties who may seek to acquire us. We will continue to consider and discuss such transactions as we deem appropriate. Such potential transactions may divert the attention of management, and cause us to incur various costs and expenses in investigating and evaluating such transactions, whether or not they are consummated.
CONTENT_24:
Companies in the industry in which we operate frequently are sued or receive informal claims of patent infringement or infringement of other intellectual property rights. We have, from time to time, received such claims, including from competitors and from companies that have substantially more resources than us. For example, see Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings,&#32;"Furukawa Patent Litigation," in our 2014 Annual Report . Third parties may in the future assert claims against us concerning our existing products or with respect to future products under development, or with respect to products that we may acquire through acquisitions. We have entered into and may in the future enter into indemnification obligations in favor of some customers that could be triggered upon an allegation or finding that we are infringing other parties&#8217; proprietary rights. For example, see Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, "Oyster Optics Litigation" in this Annual Report.  If we do infringe a third party&#8217;s rights, we may need to negotiate with holders of those rights in order to obtain a license to those rights or otherwise settle any infringement claim. We have from time to time received notices from third parties alleging infringement of their intellectual property and where appropriate have entered into license agreements with those third parties with respect to that intellectual property. Any license agreements that we wish to enter into the future with respect to intellectual property rights may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We may not in all cases be able to resolve allegations of infringement through licensing arrangements, settlement, alternative designs or otherwise. We may take legal action to determine the validity and scope of the third-party rights or to defend against any allegations of infringement. Holders of intellectual property rights could become more aggressive in alleging infringement of their intellectual property&#160;rights and we may be the subject of such claims asserted by a third party.&#160;In the course of pursuing any of these means or defending against any lawsuits filed against us, we could incur material legal fees and related costs. The amount of time required to resolve these types of lawsuits, particularly patent-related litigation, is unpredictable and these actions may divert management's attention from the day-to-day operation of our business and consume our resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. Due to the competitive nature of our industry, it is unlikely that we could increase our prices to cover such costs. In addition, such claims could result in significant penalties or injunctions that could prevent us from selling some of our products in certain markets or result in settlements or judgments that require payment of significant royalties or damages.
CONTENT_25:
Certain companies in the telecommunications, data communications and optical components markets in which we sell our products have experienced frequent litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Numerous patents in these industries are held by others, including academic institutions and our competitors. Optical component suppliers may seek to gain a competitive advantage or other third parties, inside or outside our market, may seek an economic return on their intellectual property portfolios by making infringement claims against us. We currently license certain intellectual property from third parties, and in the future, we may need to obtain license rights to patents or other intellectual property held by others in order to conduct our business. Unless we are able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms, patents or other intellectual property held by others could be used to inhibit or prohibit our production and sale of existing products and our development of new products for our markets. Licenses granting us the right to use third-party technology may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Generally, a license, if granted, would include payments of up-front fees, ongoing royalties or both. These payments or other terms could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results. In addition, in the event we are granted such a license, it is likely such license would be non-exclusive and other parties, including competitors, may be able to utilize such technology. Our larger competitors may be able to obtain licenses or cross-license their technology on better terms than we can, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, our larger competitors may be able to buy such technology and preclude us from licensing or using such technology.19Table of Contents
CONTENT_26:
For the fiscal years ended July&#160;1, 2017, July&#160;2, 2016&#32;and June&#160;27, 2015, 14 percent, 15 percent&#32;and 16 percent&#32;of our revenues, respectively, were derived from sales to customers located in the United States and 86 percent, 85 percent&#32;and 84 percent&#32;of our revenues, respectively, were derived from sales to customers located outside the United States. We are subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries, including:&#160;&#8226;currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses;&#8226;trade restrictions, including restrictions imposed by the United States government on trading with parties in foreign countries, particularly with respect to China;&#8226;difficulty in enforcing or adequately protecting our intellectual property;&#8226;ability to hire qualified candidates;&#8226;foreign income, value added and customs taxes;&#8226;greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods;&#8226;political, legal and economic instability in foreign markets;&#8226;foreign regulations;&#8226;changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements;&#8226;transportation delays;&#8226;epidemics and illnesses;&#8226;terrorism and threats of terrorism;&#8226;work stoppages and infrastructure problems due to adverse weather conditions or natural disasters;&#8226;work stoppages related to employee dissatisfaction; and&#8226;the effective protections of, and the ability to enforce, contractual arrangements.Any of these risks, or any other risks related to our foreign operations, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_27:
Despite quality assurance measures, defects may occur in our products. The occurrence of any defects in our products could give rise to liability for damages caused by such defects, including consequential damages. Such defects could, moreover, impair market acceptance of our products. Both could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. In addition, we may assume product warranty liabilities related to companies we acquire, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. In order to help mitigate the risk of liability for damages, we carry product liability insurance and errors and omissions insurance. We cannot assure you, however, that this insurance would adequately cover our costs arising from any product liability-related issues with our products or otherwise.
CONTENT_28:
The market price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile. For example, between July 3, 2016 and June 30, 2017, the market price of our common stock ranged from a low of $4.58 per share to a high of $11.30 per share. Many factors could cause the market price of our common stock to rise and fall.In addition to the matters discussed in other risk factors included in our public filings, some of the events that could impact our stock price are:&#160;&#8226;fluctuations in our financial condition and results of operations, including our gross margins and cash flow;&#8226;changes in our business, operations or prospects;&#8226;hiring or departure of key personnel;&#8226;new contractual relationships with key suppliers or customers by us or our competitors;&#8226;proposed acquisitions and dispositions by us or our competitors;20Table of Contents &#8226;financial results or projections that fail to meet public market analysts&#8217; expectations and changes in stock market analysts&#8217; recommendations regarding us, other optical technology companies or the telecommunication industry in general;&#8226;future sales of common stock, or securities convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for common stock;&#8226;adverse judgments or settlements obligating us to pay damages;&#8226;future issuances of common stock in connection with acquisitions or other transactions;&#8226;acts of war, terrorism, or natural disasters;&#8226;industry, domestic and international market and economic conditions, including sovereign debt issues in certain parts of the world and related global macroeconomic issues;&#8226;low trading volume in our stock;&#8226;developments relating to patents or property rights; and&#8226;government regulatory changes.In connection with certain of our past acquisitions and the conversion of our convertible notes, we have issued shares of our common stock. The issuance of these shares has diluted our existing stockholders and their subsequent sale could potentially have a negative impact on our stock price.Our shares of common stock have experienced substantial price and volume fluctuations, in many cases without any direct relationship to our operating performance. An outgrowth of this market volatility is the significant vulnerability of our stock price to any actual or perceived fluctuation in the strength of the markets we serve, regardless of the actual consequence of such fluctuations. As a result, the market price for our stock is highly volatile. These broad market and industry factors have caused the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, and may in the future cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, regardless of our actual operating performance.We are not restricted from issuing additional shares of our common stock, including securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, shares of our common stock. Issuances of shares of our common stock or convertible securities, including outstanding options and warrants, will dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders.
CONTENT_29:
Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, including executive management. Competition for highly skilled technical personnel is extremely intense and we continue to face difficulty identifying and hiring qualified engineers in many areas of our business and in various geographic locations. We may not be able to hire and retain such personnel at compensation levels consistent with our existing compensation and salary structure. Volatility or lack of performance in the trading price of our common stock may also affect our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel because job candidates and existing employees often emphasize the value of the stock awards they receive in connection with their employment when considering whether to accept or continue employment. If the perceived value of our stock awards is low or declines, it may harm our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. Our future success also depends on the continued contributions of our executive management team and other key management and technical personnel, each of whom would be difficult to replace. The loss of services of these or other executive officers or key personnel or the inability to continue to attract qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.
CONTENT_30:
We have historically incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception. As of July&#160;1, 2017, we had an accumulated deficit of $1,217.8 million. Although we achieved income from continuing operations during the years ended July&#160;1, 2017&#32;and July&#160;2, 2016, we incurred losses from continuing operations for the year ended June&#160;27, 2015&#32;of $48.2 million.As of July&#160;1, 2017, we held $257.5 million&#32;in cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash, comprised of $219.3 million&#32;in cash and cash equivalents, $37.6 million&#32;in short-term investments and $0.7 million&#32;in short-term restricted cash; and we had working capital, including cash, of $388.6 million. At July&#160;1, 2017, we had debt of $3.7 million, consisting of capital leases. 21Table of Contents The optical communications industry is subject to significant operational fluctuations. In order to remain competitive we incur substantial costs associated with research and development, qualification, production capacity and sales and marketing activities in connection with products that may be purchased, if at all, long after we have incurred such costs. In addition, the rapidly changing industry in which we operate, the length of time between developing and introducing a product to market, frequent changing customer specifications for products, customer cancellations of products and general down cycles in the industry, among other things, make our prospects difficult to evaluate. As a result of these factors, it is possible that we may not (i)&#160;generate sufficient positive cash flow from operations; (ii)&#160;raise funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or convertible debt securities; (iii)&#160;be able to enter into new loan agreements in the future, draw advances under such agreements or repay any such amounts; (iv)&#160;conclude additional strategic dispositions or similar transactions; or (v)&#160;otherwise have sufficient capital resources to meet our future capital or liquidity needs. There are no guarantees we will be able to generate additional financial resources beyond our existing balances.
CONTENT_31:
From time to time, we consider divestitures of product lines or portions of our assets in order to streamline our business, focus on our core operations and raise cash. For example, on October 27, 2014, we sold our Komoro Business to Ushio Opto Semiconductors, Inc. ("Ushio Opto"). In addition, on September 12, 2013, we sold our Zurich Business to II-VI and on November 1, 2013, we sold our Amplifier Business to II-VI (See Note 3,
CONTENT_32:
, in our 2016 Annual Report, for further details). In connection with these divestitures, we entered into transition service, manufacturing service and supply agreements with both Ushio and II-VI to facilitate the ownership transition, collectively referred to as &#8220;transition agreements.&#8221;  In order to perform under these transition agreements, we have been required to continue operating certain facilities, dedicate certain manufacturing capacity and maintain certain supplier agreements that have added additional costs and delayed our ability to fully restructure our operations to efficiently focus on our core ongoing business. If we fail to perform under any of these transition agreements, or if we do not successfully execute the restructuring of our operations after our transition agreement obligations have been fulfilled, our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed.
CONTENT_33:
Payments for goods and services into and out of China are subject to numerous and over-lapping government regulation with respect to foreign exchange controls, banking controls, import and export controls, and taxes. We have been operating in China for an extended period of time and have accumulated significant intercompany balances with our related entities. Our ability to repay or collect these balances may be restricted by Chinese laws and, as a result, we may be unable to successfully pay down or collect on these balances. As a consequence, we may be assessed additional taxes in China if we are unable to claim bad debt deductions or incur debt forgiveness income from the cancellation of these intercompany balances. Additionally, if we are found not to have complied with the various local laws surrounding cross border payments, we may incur penalties and fines for non-compliance. Any such taxes, penalties and/or fines could be significant in amount and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, including our cash and cash equivalent balances.22Table of Contents
CONTENT_34:
When the market price of a stock experiences a sharp decline, as has happened to us in the past, holders of that stock have often brought securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. Several securities class action lawsuits have been filed against us and certain of our current and former officers and directors. Other class action lawsuits have been initiated in the past against Opnext, us and certain of our respective current and former officers and directors as purported derivative actions. The securities class action complaints alleged violations of section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Each purported derivative complaint alleged, among other things, counts for breaches of fiduciary duty, waste, and unjust enrichment. The courts approved the settlement of these lawsuits and the settlements became final in December 2014.  For a description of these lawsuits, see Part II, Item&#160;1, Legal Proceedings, "Class Action and Derivative Litigation" in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 5, 2015. If new litigation of this type were to be initiated in the future, such litigation would likely divert the time and attention of our management and could cause us to incur significant expense in defending against the litigation. We could also be responsible for the advancement or reimbursement of significant legal fees of our current and former officers and directors to whom we may owe indemnity obligations.  In addition, if any such suits were resolved in a manner adverse to us, the damages we could be required to pay may be substantial and could have a material and adverse impact on our results of operations and our ability to operate our business.
CONTENT_35:
We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We anticipate that we will retain any future earnings to support operations and to finance the development of our business and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, the success of an investment in our common stock will depend entirely upon any future appreciation in its value. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which stockholders have purchased their shares.
CONTENT_36:
We are subject to the FCPA, which generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business and/or other benefits, along with various other anti-corruption laws. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees and other intermediaries comply with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws to which we are subject, there is no assurance that such policies or procedures will work effectively all of the time or protect us against liability under the FCPA or other laws for actions taken by our employees and other intermediaries with respect to our business or any businesses that we may acquire. We have manufacturing operations in China and other jurisdictions, many of which pose elevated risks of anti-corruption violations, and we export our products for sale internationally. This puts us in frequent contact with persons who may be considered &#8220;foreign officials&#8221; under the FCPA, resulting in an elevated risk of potential FCPA violations. If we are not in compliance with the FCPA and other laws governing the conduct of business with government entities (including local laws), we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Any investigation of any potential violations of the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws by U.S. or foreign authorities could harm our reputation and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_37:
We may need additional liquidity beyond our current expectations, such as to fund future growth, strengthen our balance sheet or to fund the cost of restructuring activities, and will continue to explore other sources of additional liquidity. These additional sources of liquidity could include one, or a combination, of the following: (i)&#160;issuing equity securities, (ii)&#160;incurring indebtedness secured by our assets, (iii)&#160;issuing debt and/or convertible debt securities, or (iv)&#160;selling product lines, other assets and/or portions of our business. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to raise additional funds on terms acceptable to us, or at all.If we raise funds through the issuance of equity, or equity-linked or convertible debt securities, our stockholders may be significantly diluted, and these newly-issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of securities held by existing stockholders. For example, we raised funds in a public offering of our common stock in September 2016, which diluted our existing stockholder base. If we raise funds in the future through the issuance of debt instruments, such as we did in February 2015 when we issued convertible notes and December 2012 when we issued exchangeable bonds, the agreements governing such debt instruments may contain covenant restrictions that limit our ability to, among other things: (i)&#160;incur additional debt, assume 23Table of Contents obligations in connection with letters of credit, or issue guarantees; (ii)&#160;create liens; (iii)&#160;make certain investments or acquisitions; (iv)&#160;enter into transactions with our affiliates; (v)&#160;sell certain assets; (vi)&#160;redeem capital stock or make other restricted payments; (vii)&#160;declare or pay dividends or make other distributions to stockholders; and (viii)&#160;merge or consolidate with any entity. (See Note 6,
CONTENT_38:
, elsewhere in this Annual Report, for further details). The exchangeable bonds issued in 2012 and the convertible notes issued in 2015 were subsequently exchanged for common stock and, in the case of the convertible notes issued in 2015, a cash payment. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, if and when needed, our ability to fund our operations, develop or enhance our products, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures and operate effectively could be significantly limited.
CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:

CONTENT_41:

CONTENT_42:

CONTENT_43:

CONTENT_44:
As of July&#160;1, 2017, we had $114.3 million&#32;of property and equipment, net on our consolidated balance sheet. If we make changes in our business strategy or if market or other conditions adversely affect our business operations, we may be forced to record an impairment charge related to these assets, which would adversely impact our results of operations. If impairment has occurred, we will be required to record an impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the assets and the implied fair value of the assets in the period in which such determination is made. The testing for impairment requires us to make significant estimates about the future performance and cash flows of our business, as well as other assumptions. These estimates can be affected by numerous factors, including changes in economic, industry, or market conditions, changes in underlying business operations, future reporting unit operating performance, changes in competition, or changes in technologies. Any changes in key assumptions, or actual performance compared with those assumptions, about our business and its future prospects or other assumptions could affect the fair value of one or more reporting units, and result in an impairment charge.
CONTENT_45:
Despite our implementation of network security measures our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Efforts to limit the ability of malicious third parties to disrupt the operations of the Internet or undermine our own security efforts may meet with resistance. In addition, the continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military action in response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism, may cause further disruptions to the economies of the United States and other countries and create further uncertainties or otherwise materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Likewise, events such as widespread blackouts could have similar negative impacts. To the extent that such disruptions or uncertainties result in delays or cancellations of customer orders or the manufacture or shipment of our products, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
CONTENT_46:
The theft, loss, or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our business could result in significantly increased security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. Global privacy legislation, enforcement, and policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex compliance regulatory environment. Costs to comply with and implement these privacy-related and data protection measures could be significant. In addition, our even inadvertent failure to comply with federal, state, or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others.
CONTENT_47:
Our business and operating results are vulnerable to natural disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, tsunami, volcanic activity and floods, as well as other events beyond our control such as power loss, telecommunications failures and uncertainties arising out of terrorist attacks in the United States and armed conflicts overseas. For example, in the latter three quarters of fiscal year 2012, our results of operations were materially and adversely impacted by the flooding in Thailand. Additionally, our corporate headquarters and a portion of our research and development and manufacturing operations are located in Silicon Valley, California, 25Table of Contents and select manufacturing facilities are located in Japan. These regions in particular have been vulnerable to natural disasters, such as the 2011 earthquake and subsequent tsunami that occurred in Japan, and the April 2016 earthquakes that took place on the island of Kyushu in Japan. The occurrence of any of these events could pose physical risks to our property and personnel, which may adversely affect our ability to produce and deliver products to our customers. Although we presently maintain insurance against certain of these events, we cannot be certain that our insurance will be adequate to cover any damage sustained by us or by our customers.
CONTENT_48:

CONTENT_49:

CONTENT_50:
Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 1.0 million&#32;shares of preferred stock with designations, rights and preferences determined from time-to-time by our board of directors. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights superior to those of holders of our common stock. For example, an issuance of shares of preferred stock could:&#160;&#8226;adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our common stock;&#8226;make it more difficult for a third-party to gain control of us;&#8226;discourage bids for our common stock at a premium;&#8226;limit or eliminate any payments that the holders of our common stock could expect to receive upon our liquidation; or&#8226;otherwise adversely affect the market price of our common stock.We may in the future issue shares of authorized preferred stock at any time.26Table of Contents
CONTENT_51:
Some provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable. These include provisions:&#160;&#8226;authorizing the board of directors to issue preferred stock;&#8226;prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors;&#8226;limiting the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders;&#8226;prohibiting stockholder actions by written consent;&#8226;creating a classified board of directors pursuant to which our directors are elected for staggered three-year terms;&#8226;permitting the board of directors to increase the size of the board and to fill vacancies;&#8226;requiring a super-majority vote of our stockholders to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and&#8226;establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings.We are subject to the provisions of Section&#160;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law which limit the right of a corporation to engage in a business combination with a holder of 15 percent or more of the corporation&#8217;s outstanding voting securities, or certain affiliated persons. We do not currently have a stockholder rights plan in place.Although we believe that these charter and bylaw provisions, and provisions of Delaware law, provide an opportunity for the board to assure that our stockholders realize full value for their investment, they could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, even under circumstances that some stockholders may consider beneficial.<div
