CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:
We have substantial debt and, as a result, we have
significant debt service obligations. On May 31, 2015, we entered into a $950.0 million Term Loan Credit Agreement (Term Loan), a $150.0 million U.S. Asset-Based Lending Credit Agreement (U.S ABL), and a $150.0 million Asia
Asset-Based Lending Credit Agreement (Asia ABL). We drew $80.0 million of the U.S. ABL at the closing of the acquisition of Viasystems. On September 27, 2016, we issued new $775.0 million Term B Loans (Term Loan B) at an interest rate
of LIBOR plus 4.25%, a reduction of 75 basis points from our previous Term Loan, and repaid in full the remaining outstanding balance of the May 31, 2015 Term Loan. In addition, we and a number of our direct and indirect subsidiaries have
various credit facilities, letters of credit and guarantee facilities. Such agreements also contain certain financial covenants which require us to maintain a specified consolidated leverage ratio and under the occurrence of certain events, a
consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio.  Our indebtedness could have important consequences to us and our shareholders
because in certain circumstances we may need to comply with the covenants in the agreements governing such indebtedness and dedicate funds to service our outstanding debt. For example, it could: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, which could in turn result in an event of default on such
indebtedness;   


 
&#149;
 
 require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations for debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash for
working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;   


 
&#149;
 
 impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other investments or
general corporate purposes, which may limit our ability to execute our business strategy;   


 
&#149;
 
 diminish our ability to withstand a downturn in our business, the industry in which we operate or the economy generally and restrict us from exploiting
business opportunities or making acquisitions;   


 
&#149;
 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate or the general economy;
  


 
&#149;
 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including movements in interest rates, which could result in increased
borrowing costs;   


 
&#149;
 
 limit management&#146;s discretion in operating our business; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage as compared to our competitors that have less debt as it could limit our ability to capitalize on future
business opportunities and to react to competitive pressures or adverse changes. 
   15 





Table of Contents

 We may be able to incur substantial additional debt in the future, some or all of which may
be secured by a lien on our assets. If new debt or other liabilities or obligations are added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we and our subsidiaries now face could intensify.
CONTENT_4:

CONTENT_5:
For the year ended January 2, 2017, we made net debt principal payments totaling $217.6 million, representing normal scheduled
principal payments as well as additional prepayments of principal. We are not required to make quarterly scheduled payments of the outstanding Term Loan B balance due to mandatory payments and optional loan prepayments applied to date. We may be
required to make an additional principal payment on an annual basis, based on certain parameters defined in these agreements, which includes a secured leverage ratio.  Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations and to fund planned capital expenditures and expansion efforts depends on our ability to generate cash in the future and our
financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain regulatory, competitive, financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will
maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our debt.  If we are unable to meet our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments or to sell assets, seek additional capital (which could include obtaining additional equity capital
on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive) or restructure or refinance our debt. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our operating results and available cash
may in the future be insufficient to meet our debt service obligations. We could face substantial liquidity challenges and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be
able to consummate those dispositions or, if consummated, the proceeds of such dispositions may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.
CONTENT_6:

CONTENT_7:
As part of our business strategy, we expect that we will continue to grow by pursuing acquisitions of businesses,
technologies, assets, or product lines that complement or expand our business. Risks related to an acquisition may include:   


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to successfully integrate acquired operations and businesses or to realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale, or other
expected value;   


 
&#149;
 
 diversion of management&#146;s attention from normal daily operations of our existing business to focus on integration of the newly acquired business;
  


 
&#149;
 
 unforeseen expenses associated with the integration of the newly acquired business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in managing production and coordinating operations at new sites; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential loss of key employees of acquired operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to retain existing customers of acquired companies when we desire to do so; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 insufficient revenues to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential decrease in overall gross margins associated with acquiring a business with a different product mix; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the inability to identify certain unrecorded liabilities; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential need to restructure, modify, or terminate customer relationships of the acquired company; 
   16 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 an increased concentration of business from existing or new customers; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to identify assets best suited to our business plan. 
Acquisitions may cause us to:   


 
&#149;
 
 enter lines of business and/or markets in which we have limited or no prior experience; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 issue debt and be required to abide by stringent loan covenants; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 assume liabilities; record goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing and potential periodic impairment
charges;   


 
&#149;
 
 become subject to litigation and environmental issues, which include product material content certifications related to conflict minerals;
  


 
&#149;
 
 incur unanticipated costs;   


 
&#149;
 
 incur large and immediate write-offs; and   


 
&#149;
 
 incur substantial transaction-related costs, whether or not a proposed acquisition is consummated. 
Acquisitions of high technology companies are inherently risky, and no assurance can be given that our recent or future acquisitions will
be successful. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions we make could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even when an acquired company has already developed and marketed
products, product enhancements may not be made in a timely fashion. In addition, unforeseen issues might arise with respect to such products after any such acquisition.
CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:
The U.S. tax laws are subject to significant change. The current U.S. administration and key members of Congress have made public statements indicating that tax reform is a priority. Certain changes to
U.S. tax laws including limitations on the ability to defer U.S. taxation on earnings outside of the United States until those earnings are repatriated to the United States, could affect the tax treatment of our earnings. Due to the large and
expanding scale of our international business activities, many of these types of changes to the taxation of our activities could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and materially impact our financial position or results of operations.
CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:
Uncertainty or adverse changes in the economy could lead to a significant decline in demand for the
end products manufactured by our customers, which, in turn, could result in a decline in the demand for our products and pressure to reduce our prices. Any decrease in demand for our products could have an adverse impact on our financial condition,
operating results and cash flows. Uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy could also increase the cost and decrease the availability of potential sources of financing and increase our exposure to losses from bad debts, either of which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:
A portion of our cash and other current assets is held in currencies other than the U.S.
dollar. As of January 2, 2017, we had an aggregate of approximately $111.7 million in current assets denominated in Chinese Renminbi (RMB) and the Hong Kong Dollar (HKD). Changes in exchange rates among other currencies and the U.S. dollar
will affect the value of these assets as translated to U.S. dollars on our balance sheet. To the extent that we ultimately decide to repatriate some portion of these funds to the United States, the actual value transferred could be impacted by
movements in exchange rates. Any such type of movement could negatively impact the amount of cash available to fund operations or to repay debt. To the extent that we may have 
   17 





Table of Contents

 
outstanding indebtedness denominated in the U.S. dollar or in the HKD, the depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar or the HKD may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations (including the cost of servicing, and the value on our balance sheet of, the U.S. dollar and HKD-denominated indebtedness). Additionally, we have revenues and
costs denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar (primarily the RMB). Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the RMB could result in increases or decreases in our costs or revenues which could negatively impact our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. Significant inflation or disproportionate changes in foreign exchange rates could occur as a result of general economic conditions, acts of war or terrorism, changes in governmental monetary
or tax policy, or changes in local interest rates. The impact of future exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the RMB and the U.S. dollar and the HKD cannot be predicted. Further, China&#146;s government imposes controls
over the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies, which subjects us to further currency exchange risk.
CONTENT_14:

CONTENT_15:
We manufacture products to our customers&#146; specifications, which are highly complex and may contain design or manufacturing errors or failures, despite our quality control and quality assurance
efforts. Defects in the products we manufacture, whether caused by a design, manufacturing, or materials failure or error, may result in delayed shipments, customer dissatisfaction, a reduction or cancellation of purchase orders, or liability claims
against us. If these defects occur either in large quantities or too frequently, our business reputation may be impaired. Since our products are used in products that are integral to our customers&#146; businesses, errors, defects, or other
performance problems could result in financial or other damages to our customers beyond the cost of the PCB, for which we may be liable. Although our invoices and sales arrangements generally contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to
product liability and related claims, existing or future laws or unfavorable judicial decisions could negate these limitation of liability provisions. In addition, we manufacture products for a range of automotive customers. If any of our products
are or are alleged to be defective, we may be required to participate in a recall of such products. As suppliers become more integral to the vehicle design process and assume more of the vehicle assembly functions, vehicle manufacturers are
increasingly looking to their suppliers for contributions when faced with product liability claims or recalls. In addition, vehicle manufacturers, which have traditionally borne the costs associated with warranty programs offered on their vehicles,
are increasingly requiring suppliers to guarantee or warrant their products and may seek to hold us responsible for some or all of the costs related to the repair and replacement of parts supplied by us to the vehicle manufacturer.
CONTENT_16:

CONTENT_17:
A majority of our revenue is generated from the electronics industry, which is characterized by intense competition,
relatively short product life cycles, and significant fluctuations in product demand. The industry is subject to economic cycles and recessionary periods. Due to the uncertainty in the end markets served by most of our customers, we have a low level
of visibility with respect to future financial results. Consequently, our past operating results, earnings, and cash flows may not be indicative of our future operating results, earnings, and cash flows.
CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:
A small
number of customers are responsible for a significant portion of our sales. Our five largest OEM customers accounted for approximately 33%, 37% and 44% of our net sales for the years ended January 2, 2017, December 28, 2015 and
December 29, 2014, respectively, and one customer represented 15% of our sales for the year ended January 2, 2017. Sales attributed to OEMs include both direct sales as well as sales that the OEMs place through EMS providers. Our customer
concentration could fluctuate, depending on future customer 
   18 





Table of Contents

 
requirements, which will depend in large part on market conditions in the electronics industry segments in which our customers participate. The loss of one or more significant customers or a
decline in sales to our significant customers would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we generate significant accounts receivable in connection with providing manufacturing
services to our customers. If one or more of our significant customers were to become insolvent or were otherwise unable to pay for the manufacturing services provided by us, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be
materially adversely affected.  In addition, during industry downturns, we may need to reduce prices to limit the level of
order losses, and we may be unable to collect payments from our customers. There can be no assurance that key customers would not cancel orders, that they would continue to place orders with us in the future at the same levels as experienced by us
in prior periods, that they would be able to meet their payment obligations, or that the end-products that use our products would be successful. This concentration of customer base may materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations due to the loss or cancellation of business from any of these key customers, significant changes in scheduled deliveries to any of these customers, or decreases in the prices of the
products sold to any of these customers.
CONTENT_20:

CONTENT_21:
Given the high fixed
costs of our operations, decreases in capacity utilization rates can have a significant effect on our business. Accordingly, our ability to maintain or enhance gross margins will continue to depend, in part, on maintaining satisfactory capacity
utilization rates. In turn, our ability to maintain satisfactory capacity utilization will depend on the demand for our products, the volume of orders we receive, and our ability to offer products that meet our customers&#146; requirements at
competitive prices. If current or future production capacity fails to match current or future customer demands, our facilities would be underutilized, our sales may not fully cover our fixed overhead expenses, and we would be less likely to achieve
expected gross margins. If forecasts and assumptions used to support the realizability of our long-lived assets change in the future, significant impairment charges could result that would materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.  In addition, we generally schedule our quick turnaround production facilities at less
than full capacity to retain our ability to respond to unexpected additional quick-turn orders. However, if these orders are not received, we may forego some production and could experience continued excess capacity. If we conclude we have
significant, long-term excess capacity, we may decide to permanently close one or more of our facilities and lay off some of our employees. Closures or lay-offs could result in our recording restructuring
charges such as severance, other exit costs, and asset impairments, as well as potentially causing disruptions in our ability to supply customers.
CONTENT_22:

CONTENT_23:
A large percentage of our business
is conducted with customers who are in the cellular phone and mobile technology industry. This industry is characterized by intense competition, short product life cycles, seasonality, particularly around the
year-end holiday season, and significant fluctuations in consumer demand. This industry is heavily dependent on consumers and therefore can be affected by their demand patterns. If the volatility in this
industry continues, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:
Our results of operations fluctuate for a variety of
reasons, including:   


 
&#149;
 
 timing of orders from and shipments to major customers; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the levels at which we utilize our manufacturing capacity; 
   19 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 price competition;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in our mix of revenues generated from quick-turn versus standard delivery time services; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 expenditures, charges or write-offs, including those related to acquisitions, facility restructurings, or asset impairments; and
  


 
&#149;
 
 expenses relating to expanding existing manufacturing facilities. 
A significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature, and planned expenditures are based in part on anticipated
orders. Accordingly, unexpected revenue shortfalls may decrease our gross margins. In addition, we have experienced sales fluctuations due to seasonal patterns in the capital budgeting and purchasing cycles, as well as inventory management practices
of our customers and the end markets we serve. In particular, the seasonality of the cellular phone and tablet industries and quick-turn ordering patterns affect the overall PCB industry. These seasonal trends have caused fluctuations in our
operating results in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period. In addition, our future quarterly operating
results may fluctuate and may not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors.
CONTENT_26:

CONTENT_27:
A large percentage of our business is conducted with customers who are in the telecommunication industry. This
industry is characterized by intense competition, relatively short product life cycles, and significant fluctuations in product demand. This industry is heavily dependent on the end markets it serves and therefore can be affected by the demand
patterns of those markets. If the volatility in this industry continues, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_28:

CONTENT_29:
There is uncertainty with respect to rising labor costs, particularly within China, where we have most of our manufacturing facilities. In
recent periods there have been regular and significant increases in the minimum wage payable in various provinces of China. In addition, we have experienced very high employee turnover in our manufacturing facilities in China, generally after the
Chinese New Year, and we are experiencing ongoing difficulty in recruiting employees for these facilities. Furthermore, labor disputes and strikes based partly on wages have in the past slowed or stopped production by certain manufacturers in China.
In some cases, employers have responded by significantly increasing the wages of workers at such plants. Any increase in labor costs due to minimum wage laws or customer requirements about scheduling and overtime that we are unable to recover in our
pricing to our customers could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, the high turnover rate and our difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified employees and the other labor
trends we are noting in China could result in a potential for defects in our products, production disruptions or delays, or the inability to ramp production to meet increased customer orders, resulting in order cancellation or imposition of customer
penalties if we are unable to deliver products in a timely manner.  To respond to competitive pressures and customer
requirements, we may further expand internationally in lower-cost locations. If we pursue such expansions, we may be required to make additional capital expenditures. In addition, the cost structure in certain countries that are now considered to be
favorable may increase as economies develop or as such countries join multinational economic communities or organizations, causing local wages to rise. As a result, we may need to continue to seek new locations with lower costs and the employee and
infrastructure base to support PCB manufacturing. We cannot assure investors that we will realize the anticipated strategic benefits of our international operations or that our international operations will contribute positively to our operating
results.  In our North America operations, rising health care costs pose a significant labor-related risk. We work with our
insurance brokers and carriers to control the cost of health care for our employees. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will succeed, especially given recent and pending changes in government oversight of health care. 
   20 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and, in the ordinary course of
business, there are many transactions and calculations in which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our effective tax rates could be materially adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries and states with differing
statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, as well as other factors. Our tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities, and developments in those audits
could adversely affect our income tax provision. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes may be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions, which
could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_32:

CONTENT_33:
Certain of our foreign subsidiaries have deferred income tax assets. Based on our forecast for future taxable earnings for these foreign
subsidiaries, we believe we will utilize the deferred income tax assets in future periods. However, if our estimates of future earnings decline, we may have to increase our valuation allowance against our net deferred income tax assets, resulting in
a higher income tax provision, which would reduce our cash flows.
CONTENT_34:

CONTENT_35:

CONTENT_36:

CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:

CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:

CONTENT_41:
In the normal course of our business, we
have been, and may in the future be subject to employee claims based on, among other things, discrimination, minimum wage, overtime pay and other employment related matters. We cannot predict with certainty the cost of defense, the cost of
prosecution or the ultimate outcome of these legal proceedings. Any significant adverse determinations, judgments or settlements could reduce our profitability and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations, limit our ability to operate our business or harm our reputation.
CONTENT_42:

CONTENT_43:
Our business
is labor intensive, utilizing large numbers of engineering and manufacturing personnel. Strikes or labor disputes with our unionized employees, primarily in China, may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. If we are unable to reach
agreement with any of our unionized work groups on future negotiations regarding the terms of their collective bargaining agreements, we may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages. Any of these events could be disruptive to our operations and
could result in negative publicity, loss of contracts, and a decrease in revenues. We may also become subject to additional collective bargaining agreements in the future if more employees or segments of our workforce become unionized, including any
of our employees in the United States. We have not experienced any labor problems resulting in a work stoppage since 2013.
CONTENT_44:

CONTENT_45:

CONTENT_46:

CONTENT_47:

CONTENT_48:

CONTENT_49:
We have significant manufacturing operations in Asia and sales offices located in Asia and Europe, and we continue to consider additional
opportunities to make foreign investments and construct new foreign facilities.  For the year ended January 2, 2017, we
generated 72% of our net sales from non-U.S. operations, and a significant portion of our manufacturing material was provided by international suppliers during this period. As a result, we are subject to risks
relating to significant international operations, including but not limited to:   


 
&#149;
 
 managing international operations;   


 
&#149;
 
 imposition of governmental controls;   


 
&#149;
 
 unstable regulatory environments;   


 
&#149;
 
 compliance with employment laws;   


 
&#149;
 
 implementation of disclosure controls, internal controls, financial reporting systems, and governance standards to comply with U.S. accounting and
securities laws and regulations;   


 
&#149;
 
 limitations on imports or exports of our product offerings; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 fluctuations in the value of local currencies;   


 
&#149;
 
 inflation or changes in political and economic conditions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 labor unrest, rising wages, difficulties in staffing, and geographical labor shortages; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 government or political unrest;   


 
&#149;
 
 longer payment cycles;   


 
&#149;
 
 language and communication barriers, as well as time zone differences; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 cultural differences; 
   23 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 increases in duties and taxation levied on our products; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 other potentially adverse tax consequences;   


 
&#149;
 
 imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 travel restrictions;   


 
&#149;
 
 expropriation of private enterprises;   


 
&#149;
 
 the potential reversal of current favorable policies encouraging foreign investment and trade; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential for strained trade relationships between the United States and its trading partners.
CONTENT_50:

CONTENT_51:
Under its current leadership, the government of China has been pursuing economic reform policies, including the encouragement of foreign
trade and investment and greater economic decentralization. No assurance can be given, however, that the government of China will continue to pursue such policies, that such policies will be successful if pursued, or that such policies will not be
significantly altered from time to time. Despite progress in developing its legal system, China does not have a comprehensive and highly developed system of laws, particularly with respect to foreign investment activities and foreign trade.
Enforcement of existing and future laws and contracts is uncertain, and implementation and interpretation thereof may be inconsistent. As the Chinese legal system develops, the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws, and the preemption
of local regulations by national laws may adversely affect foreign investors. Further, any litigation in China may be protracted and may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management&#146;s attention. In addition, though
changes in government policies and rules are timely published or communicated, there is usually no indication of the duration of any grace period before which full implementation and compliance will be required. As a result, we may operate our
business in violation of new rules and policies before full compliance can be achieved. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us.
CONTENT_52:

CONTENT_53:
A significant portion of our revenues is derived from
products and services ultimately sold to the U.S. government by our OEM and EMS customers and is therefore affected by, among other things, the federal budget process. We are a supplier, primarily as a subcontractor, to the U.S. government and its
agencies, as well as foreign governments and agencies. The contracts between our direct customers and the government end user are subject to political and budgetary constraints and processes, changes in short-range and long-range strategic plans,
the timing of contract awards, the congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes, the government&#146;s ability to terminate contracts for convenience or for default, as well as other risks, such as contractor suspension or
debarment in the event of certain violations of legal and regulatory requirements.  For the year ended January 2, 2017,
aerospace and defense sales accounted for approximately 15% of our total net sales. The substantial majority of aerospace and defense sales are related to both U.S. and foreign military and defense programs. While we do not sell any significant
volume of products directly to the U.S. government, we are a supplier to the U.S. government and its agencies, as well as foreign governments and agencies. Consequently, our sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets of the U.S. and
foreign governments and may be affected by federal budget sequestration measures.  The domestic and international threat of
terrorist activity, emerging nuclear states, and conventional military threats have led to an increase in demand for defense products and services and homeland security solutions in the recent past. The U.S. government, however, is facing
unprecedented budgeting constraints. The termination or failure to fund one or more significant contracts by the U.S. government could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
   24 





Table of Contents

 Future changes to the U.S. Munitions List could reduce or eliminate restrictions that
currently apply to some of the products we produce. If these regulations or others are changed in a manner that reduces restrictions on products being manufactured overseas, we would likely face an increase in the number of competitors and increased
price competition from overseas manufacturers, who are restricted by the current export laws from manufacturing products for U.S. defense systems.
CONTENT_54:

CONTENT_55:
A facility security clearance is required in order to be awarded and perform on
classified contracts for the Department of Defense and certain other agencies of the U.S. government. As a cleared entity, we must comply with the requirements of the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM), and any other
applicable U.S. government industrial security regulations. Further, due to the fact that a significant portion of our voting equity is owned by a non-U.S. entity, we are required to be governed by and operate
in accordance with the terms and requirements of the Special Security Agreement (the SSA). The terms of the SSA have been previously disclosed in our SEC filings.  If we were to violate the terms and requirements of the SSA, the NISPOM, or any other applicable U.S. government industrial security regulations (which may apply to us under the terms of classified
contracts), we could lose our security clearance. We cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain our security clearance. If for some reason our security clearance is invalidated or terminated, we may not be able to continue to perform on
classified contracts and would not be able to enter into new classified contracts, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_56:

CONTENT_57:

CONTENT_58:

CONTENT_59:

CONTENT_60:

CONTENT_61:
The market for our manufacturing services is characterized by rapidly changing
technology and continual implementation of new production processes. The future success of our business will depend in large part upon our ability to maintain and enhance our technological capabilities, to manufacture products that meet changing
customer needs, and to successfully anticipate or respond to technological changes on a cost-effective and timely basis. We expect that the investment necessary to maintain our technological position will increase as customers make demands for
products and services requiring more advanced technology on a quicker turnaround basis. For example, in 2017 we expect to continue to make significant capital expenditures to expand our HDI and other advanced manufacturing capabilities. We may not
be able to obtain access to additional sources of funds in order to respond to technological changes as quickly as our competitors.  In addition, the PCB industry could encounter competition from new or revised manufacturing and production technologies that render existing manufacturing and production technology less competitive or
obsolete. We may not respond effectively to the technological requirements of the changing market. If we need new technologies and equipment to remain competitive, the development, acquisition, and implementation of those technologies and equipment
will require us to make significant capital investments.
CONTENT_62:

CONTENT_63:

CONTENT_64:

CONTENT_65:

CONTENT_66:

CONTENT_67:

CONTENT_68:

CONTENT_69:
The destruction
or closure of any of our facilities for a significant period of time as a result of fire, explosion, blizzard, act of war or terrorism, flood, tornado, earthquake, lightning, other natural disasters, an outbreak of epidemics such as Ebola or severe
acute respiratory syndrome, required maintenance, or other events could harm us financially, increasing our costs of doing business and limiting our ability to deliver our manufacturing services on a timely basis. 
Our insurance coverage with respect to damages to our facilities or our customers&#146; products caused by natural disasters is limited
and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate or continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms.  In the event one or more of our facilities is closed on a temporary or permanent basis as a result of a natural disaster, required maintenance or other event, or in the event that an outbreak of a serious
epidemic results in quarantines, temporary closures of offices or manufacturing facilities, travel restrictions or the temporary or permanent loss of key personnel, our operations could be significantly disrupted. Such events could delay or prevent
product manufacturing and shipment for the time required to transfer production or repair, rebuild or replace the affected manufacturing facilities. This time frame could be lengthy and result in significant expenses for repair and related costs.
While we have disaster recovery plans in place, there can be no assurance that such plans will be sufficient to allow our operations to continue in the event of every natural or man-made disaster, pandemic,
required repair or other extraordinary event. Any extended inability to continue our operations at unaffected facilities following such an event would reduce our revenue and potentially damage our reputation as a reliable supplier. 
   27 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_70:

CONTENT_71:
Competition in the PCB market is intense, and we expect that competition will continue to
increase, thereby creating a highly aggressive pricing environment. We and some of our competitors have reduced average selling prices in the past. In addition, competitors may reduce their average selling prices faster than our ability to reduce
costs, which can also accelerate the rate of decline of our selling prices. When prices decline, we may also be required to write down the value of our inventory.  The effects of such pricing pressures on our business may be exacerbated by inflationary pressures that affect our costs of supply. When we are unable to extract comparable concessions from our suppliers
on prices they charge us, this in turn reduces gross profit if we are unable to raise prices. Further, uncertainty or adverse changes in the economy could also lead to a significant decline in demand for our products and pressure to reduce our
prices. As a result of the recent global economic downturn, many businesses have taken a more conservative stance in ordering inventory. Any decrease in demand for our products, coupled with pressure from the market and our customers to decrease our
prices, would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  The pricing pressure
we face on our products requires us to introduce new and more advanced technology products to maintain average selling prices or reduce any declines in average selling prices. As we shift production to more advanced, higher-density PCBs, we tend to
make significant investments in plants and other capital equipment and incur higher costs of production, which may not be recovered.
CONTENT_72:

CONTENT_73:
Sales to EMS companies represented approximately 35%, 35% and 39% of our net sales for the years ended January 2, 2017, December 28, 2015 and December 29, 2014, respectively. Sales to EMS
providers include sales directed by OEMs as well as orders placed with us at the EMS providers&#146; discretion. EMS providers source on a global basis to a greater extent than OEMs. The growth of EMS providers increases the purchasing power of
such providers and has in the past, and could in the future, result in increased price competition or the loss of existing OEM customers. In addition, some EMS providers, including some of our customers, have the ability to directly manufacture PCBs
and create backplane assemblies. If a significant number of our other EMS customers were to acquire these abilities, our customer base might shrink, and our sales might decline substantially. Moreover, if any of our OEM customers outsource the
production of PCBs and creation of backplane assemblies to these EMS providers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_74:

CONTENT_75:

CONTENT_76:

CONTENT_77:

CONTENT_78:

CONTENT_79:
Our
operations are regulated under a number of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and safety laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the discharge of hazardous materials into the air and water, as well as the handling,
storage, and disposal of such materials. These laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act, the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, and the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act, as well as analogous state, local, and foreign laws. Compliance with these environmental laws is a major consideration
for us because our manufacturing processes use and generate materials classified as hazardous. Because we use hazardous materials and generate hazardous wastes in our manufacturing processes, we may be subject to potential financial liability for
costs associated with the investigation and remediation of our own sites, or sites at which we have arranged for the disposal of hazardous wastes, if such sites become contaminated. Even if we fully comply with applicable environmental laws and are
not directly at fault for the contamination, we may still be liable. The wastes we generate include spent ammoniacal and cupric etching solutions, metal stripping solutions, waste acid solutions, waste alkaline cleaners, waste oil, and waste waters
that contain heavy metals such as copper, tin, lead, nickel, 
   29 





Table of Contents

 
gold, silver, cyanide, and fluoride, and both filter cake and spent ion exchange resins from equipment used for on-site waste treatment. 
Environmental law violations, including the failure to maintain required environmental permits, could subject us to fines, penalties, and
other sanctions, including the revocation of our effluent discharge permits. This could require us to cease or limit production at one or more of our facilities and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. Even if we ultimately prevail, environmental lawsuits against us would be time consuming and costly to defend.  Environmental laws have generally become more stringent and this trend may continue over time, imposing greater compliance costs and increasing risks and penalties associated with violation. We operate in
environmentally sensitive locations, and we are subject to potentially conflicting and changing regulatory agendas of political, business, and environmental groups. Changes or restrictions on discharge limits, emissions levels, material storage,
handling, or disposal might require a high level of unplanned capital investment or relocation to another global location where prohibitive regulations do not exist. It is possible that environmental compliance costs and penalties from new or
existing regulations may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  We are
increasingly required to certify compliance with various material content restrictions in our products based on laws of various jurisdictions or territories such as the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) and Registration, Evaluation,
Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) directives in the European Union and China&#146;s RoHS legislation. Similar laws have been adopted in other jurisdictions and may become increasingly prevalent. In addition, we must also certify as
to the non-applicability of the EU&#146;s Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment directive for certain products that we manufacture. The REACH directive requires the identification of Substances of Very
High Concern (SVHCs) periodically. We must survey our supply chain and certify to the non-presence or presence of SVHCs to our customers. As with other types of product certifications that we routinely
provide, we may incur liability and pay damages if our products do not conform to our certifications.  We are also subject to a
variety of environmental laws and regulations in China, which impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants into the air and water and establish standards for the treatment, storage, and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. The manufacturing
of our products generates gaseous chemical wastes, liquid wastes, waste water, and other industrial wastes from various stages of the manufacturing process. Production sites in China are subject to regulation and periodic monitoring by the relevant
environmental protection authorities. Environmental claims or the failure to comply with current or future regulations could result in the assessment of damages or imposition of fines against us, suspension of production, or cessation of operations.
 The process to manufacture PCBs requires adherence to city, county, state, federal, and foreign environmental regulations
regarding the storage, use, handling, and disposal of chemicals, solid wastes, and other hazardous materials, as well as compliance with air quality standards and chemical use reporting. In China, governmental authorities have adopted new rules and
regulations governing environmental issues. An update to Chinese environmental waste water law was issued in late 2012, allowing for an interim period in which plants subject to such law may install equipment that meets the new regulatory regime.
Our plants in China are not yet in full compliance with the newly adopted environmental regulations. There can be no assurance that violations will not occur in the future.
CONTENT_80:

CONTENT_81:
Certain of our
employees have access to, or signature authority with respect to, bank accounts or other company assets, which could expose us to fraud or theft. In addition, certain employees have access to certain precious metals used in connection with our
manufacturing and key information technology (IT) infrastructure and to customer and other information that is commercially valuable. Should any employee, for any reason, steal any such precious metals (which has occurred from time to time),
compromise our IT systems, or misappropriate customer or other information, we could incur losses, including losses relating to claims by our customers against us, and the willingness of customers to do business with us may be damaged. Additionally,
in the case of our 
   30 





Table of Contents

 
defense business, we could be debarred from future participation in government programs. Any such losses may not be fully covered by insurance.
CONTENT_82:

CONTENT_83:
Although we have long-term contracts with many customers, those
contracts generally do not contain volume commitments. We generally sell to customers on a purchase order basis. Our quick-turn orders are subject to particularly short lead times. Consequently, our sales are subject to short-term variability in
demand by our customers. Customers submitting purchase orders may cancel, reduce, or delay their orders for a variety of reasons, subject to negotiations. The level and timing of orders placed by our customers may vary due to: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 customer attempts to manage inventory;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in customers&#146; manufacturing strategies, such as a decision by a customer to either diversify or consolidate the number of PCB
manufacturers or backplane assembly service providers used or to manufacture or assemble its own products internally;   


 
&#149;
 
 variation in demand for our customers&#146; products; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 changes in new product introductions.  We have periodically experienced terminations, reductions, and delays in our customers&#146; orders. Further terminations, reductions, or delays in our customers&#146; orders could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_84:

CONTENT_85:

CONTENT_86:

CONTENT_87:

CONTENT_88:

CONTENT_89:
Recently, some of our large customers
have consolidated, and further consolidation of customers may occur. Depending on which organization becomes the controller of the supply chain function following the consolidation, we may not be retained as a preferred or approved supplier. In
addition, product duplication could result in the termination of a product line that we currently support. While there is potential for increasing our position with the combined customer, there does exist the potential for decreased revenue if we
are not retained as a continuing supplier. We also face the risk of increased pricing pressure from the combined customer because of its increased market share. 
   31 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_90:

CONTENT_91:
Our business is capital-intensive, and our ability to increase revenue, profit, and cash flow depends upon continued capital spending. To the extent that the funds generated by our ongoing operations are
insufficient to cover our liquidity requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through financings. If we are unable to fund our operations and make capital expenditures as currently planned or if we do not have sufficient liquidity to
service the interest and principal payments on our debt, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we do not achieve our expected operating results, we would need to reallocate our
sources and uses of operating cash flows. This may include borrowing additional funds to service debt payments, which may impair our ability to make investments in our business. Looking ahead at long-term needs, we may need to raise additional funds
for a number of purposes, including the following:   


 
&#149;
 
 to fund capital equipment purchases to increase production capacity, upgrade and expand our technological capabilities and replace aging equipment or
introduce new products;   


 
&#149;
 
 to refinance our existing indebtedness;   


 
&#149;
 
 to fund our operations beyond 2017;   


 
&#149;
 
 to fund working capital requirements for future growth that we may experience; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 to enhance or expand the range of services we offer;   



 
&#149;
 
 to increase our sales and marketing activities; or   


 
&#149;
 
 to respond to competitive pressures or perceived opportunities, such as investment, acquisition, and international expansion activities.
 Should we need to raise funds through incurring additional debt, we may become subject to covenants even
more restrictive than those contained in our current debt instruments. There can be no assurance that additional capital, including any future equity or debt financing, would be available on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all. If such
funds are not available to us when required or on acceptable terms, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_92:

CONTENT_93:

CONTENT_94:

CONTENT_95:

CONTENT_96:

CONTENT_97:
We believe that our future
success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled, knowledgeable, sophisticated, and qualified managerial and professional personnel. We may not be able to retain our executive officers and key personnel or
attract additional qualified management in the future. We can make no assurances that future changes in executive management will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our business also
depends on our continuing ability to recruit, train, and retain highly qualified employees, particularly engineering and sales and marketing personnel. The competition for these employees is intense, and the loss of these employees could harm our
business. Further, our ability to successfully integrate acquired companies depends in part on our ability to retain key management and existing employees at the time of the acquisition.
CONTENT_98:

CONTENT_99:

CONTENT_100:

CONTENT_101:

CONTENT_102:

CONTENT_103:
In the future, we may issue additional equity securities or one or more of our large shareholders may offer their shares for sale through
public or private offerings. Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, our board of directors has the authority, without action by stockholders, to designate and issue preferred stock in one or more series. Our board of directors may also
designate the rights, preferences and privileges of each series of preferred stock, any or all of which may be superior to the rights of the common stock. Any such issuance of additional shares would reduce your influence over matters on which our
stockholders vote, would dilute the percentage of ownership interest of existing stockholders and may dilute the per share book value of the common stock. In addition, option holders may exercise their options at a time when we would otherwise be
able to obtain additional equity capital on more favorable terms. Any issuances of preferred stock would likely result in your interest being subject to the prior rights of holders of that preferred stock. Also, we may have shareholders that hold
large quantities of our shares. If one or more of these shareholders offered their shares for sale, it could result in a decrease in demand for our shares which could have the effect of decreasing our share price. The market price of our common
stock could decline as a result of any future offering as well as sales of shares of our common stock made after such offerings or the perception that such sales could occur.
CONTENT_104:

CONTENT_105:
We have not declared or paid any dividends since 2000 and do not anticipate paying
any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any payment of cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, legal
requirements, earnings and other factors. Our ability to pay dividends is restricted by the terms of our debt agreements and might be restricted by the terms of any indebtedness that we incur in the future. Consequently, shareholders should not rely
on dividends in order to receive a return on your investment. See our dividend policy in Item 5.
CONTENT_106:
. 
   34 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_107:

CONTENT_108:
Our manufacturing processes require that we purchase significant
quantities of energy from third parties, which results in the generation of greenhouse gases, either directly on-site or indirectly at electric utilities. Both domestic and international legislation to address
climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions could create increases in energy costs and price volatility. Considerable international attention is now focused on development of an international policy framework to guide international action to
address climate change. Proposed and existing legislative efforts to control or limit greenhouse gas emissions could affect our energy sources and supply choices, as well as increase the cost of energy and raw materials that are derived from sources
that generate greenhouse gas emissions.
CONTENT_109:

CONTENT_110:
A
noncontrolling interest holder owns a 5% interest in a subsidiary of TTM that operates the Huiyang, China facility that became a part of our operations through the acquisition of Viasystems. The noncontrolling interest holder is affiliated with the
Chinese government and has close ties to local economic development and other Chinese government agencies. The noncontrolling interest holder has certain rights to be consulted and to consent to certain operating and investment matters concerning
the Huiyang facility and the board of directors of our subsidiary that operates the Huiyang facility. Failure to maintain good relations with the noncontrolling interest holder could materially adversely affect our ability to manage the operations
of the plant.
CONTENT_111:

CONTENT_112:
In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store
sensitive data in our data centers and on our networks, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable information of our employees. The
secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee
error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in
legal claims or proceedings, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows.   


<B
