HEADER_1:
The market for our super-wide and wide format industrial digital inkjet printers is extremely competitive. 
HEADER_2:
The market for our ceramic tile decoration digital inkjet printers is very competitive. 
HEADER_3:
We face strong competition for
printing supplies such as ink. 
HEADER_4:
If the market for digital textile printing does not develop as we anticipate, we may not be able to grow our inkjet textile
printing business. 
HEADER_5:
We face strong competition in our Productivity Software operating segment. 
HEADER_6:
We do not typically have long-term purchase commitments with the printer manufacturer customers that purchase our Fiery DFE and software solutions.
They have in the past reduced or ceased, and could at any time in the future reduce or cease, to purchase products from us, thereby harming our operating results and business. 
HEADER_7:
Entry into new markets or distribution channels could result in higher operating expenses that may not be offset by increased revenue. 
HEADER_8:
Economic uncertainty has negatively affected our business in the past and may negatively affect our
business in the future. 
HEADER_9:
Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted by conditions abroad, including local economies, political environments, fluctuating foreign currencies and
shifting regulatory schemes. 
HEADER_10:
We face risks from currency fluctuations. 
HEADER_11:
We face risks from our international operations. 
HEADER_12:
We license software used in most of our Fiery products and certain Productivity Software products from Adobe and the loss of these licenses would prevent shipment of these products. 
HEADER_13:
We manufacture our super-wide and wide format industrial digital inkjet printers and formulate our ceramic digital ink primarily in single locations. Any significant interruption in the manufacturing
process at these facilities could adversely affect our business. 
HEADER_14:
We depend on a limited group of suppliers for
key components in our products. The loss of any of these suppliers, the inability of any of these suppliers to meet our requirements, or delays or shortages of supply of these components, could adversely affect our business. 
HEADER_15:
We are dependent on a limited number of subcontractors, with
whom we generally do not have long-term contracts, to manufacture and deliver products to our customers. The loss of any of these subcontractors could adversely affect our business. 
HEADER_16:
We may face increased risk of inventory obsolescence, excess, or shortages related to our Industrial Inkjet printers and
ink. 
HEADER_17:
If we are not able to hire and retain skilled employees, we may not be able to develop and manufacture products, or meet demand
for our products, in a timely fashion. 
HEADER_18:
We rely on our distribution channels to ensure sales growth. 
HEADER_19:
Growing market share in the Productivity Software and Industrial Inkjet operating segments increases the
possibility that we will experience increased bad debt expense and increased accounts receivable. 
HEADER_20:
Acquisitions may result in unanticipated accounting charges or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations and result
in difficulties assimilating and integrating operations, personnel, technologies, products, and information systems of acquired businesses. 
HEADER_21:
We face risks relating to the potential impairment of
goodwill and long-lived assets. 
HEADER_22:
We are subject to numerous federal, state, and foreign employment laws and may face claims in the future under such laws. 
HEADER_23:
We may be unable to adequately protect our proprietary information and may incur expenses to defend our proprietary information. 
HEADER_24:
We face risks from third party claims of infringement and potential litigation. 
HEADER_25:
We may be subject to risk of loss due to fire because certain materials we use in our ink formulation process are flammable. 
HEADER_26:
The location and concentration of our facilities subjects us to risk of earthquakes,
floods, or other natural disasters. 
HEADER_27:
We may be subject to environmental-related liabilities due to our use of hazardous materials and solvents. 
HEADER_28:
Future sales of our products could be limited if we do not comply
with current and future environmental and chemical content regulations. 
HEADER_29:
Our products may
contain defects, which are not discovered until after shipping, which could subject us to warranty claims in excess of our warranty reserves. 
HEADER_30:
Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products could adversely affect our revenue. 
HEADER_31:
System failures, or system unavailability, could harm our business. 
HEADER_32:
Our stock price has been volatile historically and may continue to be volatile. 
HEADER_33:
The value of our investment portfolio is
subject to interest rate volatility. 
HEADER_34:
We are partially
self-insured for certain losses related to employee medical and dental coverage. Our self-insurance reserves may not be adequate to cover our medical and dental claim liabilities. 
HEADER_35:
Our stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and add volatility. 
HEADER_36:
Our
profitability may be affected by unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of new U.S. or foreign tax legislation, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities. 
HEADER_37:
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle
conversions of our 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 (“Notes”) in cash, repay the Notes at maturity, or repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change. 
HEADER_38:
The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

HEADER_39:
The
accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash (such as the Notes) could have a material effect on our reported financial results. 
HEADER_40:
Certain provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws, and under Delaware law could
delay or impair a change in control. 
