HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects could be materially harmed. In that event, the price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
HEADER_4:
We have a history of losses and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
HEADER_5:
The markets in which we compete are rapidly evolving, which make it difficult to forecast end-customer adoption rates and demand for our solutions. 
HEADER_6:
If end-customers do not adopt our solutions, our ability to grow our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
HEADER_7:
A shift in our relationships with our OEM partners could adversely affect our results of operations.  
HEADER_8:
Our revenue growth in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance. 
HEADER_9:
We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods and we may not be able to sustain or manage any future growth effectively. 
HEADER_10:
We compete with traditional storage vendors, IT systems vendors, including providers of public cloud services, and infrastructure software providers, and expect competition to continue to intensify in the future from both established competitors and new market entrants. 
HEADER_11:
Our relatively limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and prospects, and may increase the risk of your investment. 
HEADER_12:
Developments or improvements in enterprise IT infrastructure technologies may materially and adversely affect the demand for our solutions. 
HEADER_13:
If other vendors do not cooperate with us to ensure that our solutions interoperate with their products, including by providing us with early access to their new products or information about their new products, our product development efforts may be delayed or impaired, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects. 
HEADER_14:
Shifts in our product mix more toward selling our solutions as software-only as opposed to as an appliance may cause our revenue to decline, and our gross margins to fluctuate.
HEADER_15:
If we fail to develop or introduce new or enhanced solutions on a timely or cost-effective basis, our ability to attract and retain end-customers could be impaired and our competitive position could be harmed. 
HEADER_16:
If we are not successful in executing our strategy to increase sales of our solutions to new and existing large organizations, service providers, and government entities, our operating results may suffer. 
HEADER_17:
Our growth depends on our existing end-customers making additional purchases of software licenses and software upgrades and renewing and upgrading their support and software maintenance agreements, and the failure of our end-customers to do so could harm our business and operating results. 
HEADER_18:
We rely on our key personnel, and our Chief Executive Officer in particular, to grow our business, and the loss of one or more such key employees or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could harm our business. 
HEADER_19:
If we do not effectively expand and train our sales force, we may be unable to add new end-customers or increase sales to our existing end-customers and our business will be adversely affected. 
HEADER_20:
If we do not effectively structure our sales force to focus on the end-customers that will primarily drive our growth strategy, our business will be adversely affected.
HEADER_21:
We rely primarily on indirect sales channels for the distribution of our solutions, and disruption within these channels could adversely affect our business, operating results and cash flows. 
HEADER_22:
Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations. 
HEADER_23:
Our gross margins are impacted by a variety of factors and may be subject to variation from period to period. 
HEADER_24:
Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, it can be difficult for us to predict when, if ever, a particular customer will choose to purchase our solutions, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly. 
HEADER_25:
Because we depend on contract manufacturers to assemble and test our hardware appliances, we are susceptible to delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping orders on time, if at all, or on a cost-effective basis, which would cause our business to be adversely affected. 
HEADER_26:
We rely on a limited number of suppliers, and in some cases single-source suppliers, for several key components of our hardware appliances, and any disruption in the availability or quality of these components could delay shipments of our appliances and damage our channel partner or end-customer relationships. 
HEADER_27:
We enter into arrangements with our suppliers that could require us to purchase certain minimum levels of inventory, which could result in us incurring losses with respect to such inventory, and may negatively impact our business and operating results
HEADER_28:
We rely upon third parties for the warehousing and delivery of our appliances and replacement parts for support, and we therefore have less control over these functions than we otherwise would. 
HEADER_29:
Our ability to sell our solutions is dependent in part on ease of use and the quality of our technical support, and any failure to offer high-quality technical support would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
HEADER_30:
Our solutions are highly technical and may contain undetected defects, which could cause data unavailability, loss or corruption that might, in turn, result in liability to our end-customers and harm to our reputation and business. 
HEADER_31:
Our business depends, in part, on sales to government organizations, and significant changes in the contracting or fiscal policies of such government organizations could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
HEADER_32:
Third-party claims that we are infringing intellectual property, whether successful or not, could subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation or expensive licenses, and our business could be harmed. 
HEADER_33:
The success of our business depends in part on our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. 
HEADER_34:
We may become subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully disclosed or we have wrongfully used proprietary information of our employees’ former employers. These claims may be costly to defend and if we do not successfully do so, our business could be harmed. 
HEADER_35:
If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
HEADER_36:
Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business could subject us to fines and penalties and could also cause us to lose end-customers in the public sector or negatively impact our ability to contract with the public sector. 
HEADER_37:
We are subject to governmental regulation and other legal obligations, particularly related to privacy, data protection and information security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could adversely affect our business and operating results. Compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue. 
HEADER_38:
Failure to comply with anticorruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, and similar laws associated with our activities outside of the United States could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
HEADER_39:
We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls. 
HEADER_40:
Our international operations expose us to additional risks, and failure to manage those risks could adversely affect our business, operating results and cash flows. 
HEADER_41:
A number of our solutions incorporate software provided under open source licenses which may restrict or impose certain obligations on how we use or distribute our solutions or subject us to various risks and challenges, which could result in increased development expenses, delays or disruptions to the release or distribution of those solutions, inability to protect our intellectual property rights and increased competition. 
HEADER_42:
Our failure to raise additional capital or generate the significant capital necessary to expand our operations and invest in new solutions could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business. 
HEADER_43:
Adverse economic conditions or reduced datacenter spending may adversely impact our revenues and profitability. 
HEADER_44:
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our operating results. 
HEADER_45:
Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
HEADER_46:
Our international operations may subject us to potential adverse tax consequences. 
HEADER_47:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, floods and other natural catastrophic events, and interruptions by man-made problems, such as network security breaches, computer viruses or terrorism. 
HEADER_48:
If our networks, computer systems or software solutions are breached or unauthorized access to customer data otherwise occurs, our enterprise and our solutions may be perceived as insecure, we may lose existing end-customers or fail to attract new end-customers, our reputation may be damaged and we may incur significant liabilities. 
HEADER_49:
We are dependent on the continued availability of the Internet and third-party computer and communications systems. 
HEADER_50:
Our estimates of end-customer cost savings may not be indicative of the actual benefits that end-customers experience in the future. 
HEADER_51:
We have expanded and may further expand through acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies, each of which may divert our management’s attention, resulting in additional dilution to our stockholders and consumption of resources that are necessary to sustain and grow our business. 
HEADER_52:
Regulations related to conflict minerals may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the costs of certain metals used in the manufacturing of our solutions. 
HEADER_53:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
HEADER_54:
The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile and may decline. 
HEADER_55:
Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public markets, or the perception that they might occur, could reduce the price that our Class A common stock might otherwise attain and may dilute your voting power and your ownership interest in us. 
HEADER_56:
The dual class structure of our common stock as contained in our charter documents has the effect of concentrating voting control with a limited number of stockholders that held our stock prior to our IPO, including our directors, executive officers, and employees and their affiliates, and significant stockholders, which will limit your ability to influence corporate matters. 
HEADER_57:
We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. 
HEADER_58:
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 
HEADER_59:
If financial or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue inaccurate or unfavorable research regarding our Class A common stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
HEADER_60:
Certain provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove members of our board of directors or current management and may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
HEADER_61:
We believe our long-term value as a company will be greater if we focus on growth, which may negatively impact our profitability in the near term. 
HEADER_62:
We do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our Class A common stock. 
