CONTENT_1:
Our operating results have varied significantly from quarter to quarter in the past and may continue to do so in the future. The factors
that cause our quarter-to-quarter operating results to be unpredictable include:   


 
&#149;
 
 varying subscriber addition and churn rates for our broadband internet business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the mix of wholesale and retail subscriber additions in our broadband internet business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the level of investments in the construction or acquisition of satellites, and the impact of any construction or launch delays, operational or launch
failures or other disruptions to our satellites;   


 
&#149;
 
 a complex and lengthy procurement process for most of our commercial networks and government systems customers and potential customers;
  


 
&#149;
 
 changes in the levels of research and development spending, including the effects of associated tax credits; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 cost overruns on fixed-price development contracts;   


 
&#149;
 
 the difficulty in estimating costs over the life of a contract, which may require adjustment in future periods; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the timing, quantity and mix of products and services sold; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 price discounts given to some customers;   


 
&#149;
 
 market acceptance and the timing of availability of our new products and services; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the timing of customer payments for significant contracts; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 one-time charges to operating income arising from items such as acquisition expenses, impairment of assets and write-offs of assets related to customer
non-payments or obsolescence;   


 
&#149;
 
 the failure to receive an expected order or a deferral of an order to a later period; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 general economic and political conditions.  Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations that could adversely
affect our stock price. In addition, it is likely that in one or more future quarters our results may fall below the expectations of analysts and investors, which would likely cause the trading price of our common stock to decrease. 
   21 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_2:
We own two satellites: ViaSat-1 (our first-generation high-capacity Ka-band spot-beam
satellite, which was placed into service in January 2012) and WildBlue-1 (which was placed into service in March 2007). In May 2013, we entered into a satellite construction contract for our ViaSat-2 satellite, our second-generation high-capacity
Ka-band satellite design, and construction has commenced on two ViaSat-3 class satellites, our third-generation high-capacity Ka-band satellite design, pursuant to a limited authorization to proceed. In addition, we have an exclusive prepaid
lifetime capital lease of Ka-band capacity over the contiguous United States on Telesat Canada&#146;s Anik F2 satellite (which was placed into service in April 2005). We utilize capacity primarily on our ViaSat-1 and WildBlue-1 satellites to support
our broadband services in the United States. We also lease capacity on multiple satellites related to the provision of our international mobile broadband services to commercial and government customers. We may construct, acquire or use additional
satellites in the future.  Satellites utilize highly complex technology and operate in the harsh environment of space and,
accordingly, are subject to significant operational risks while in orbit. These risks include malfunctions (commonly referred to as anomalies), interference from electrostatic storms, and collisions with meteoroids, decommissioned spacecraft or
other space debris. Our satellites have experienced various anomalies in the past and we will likely experience anomalies in the future. Anomalies can occur as a result of various factors, such as: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 satellite manufacturer error, whether due to the use of new or largely unproven technology or due to a design, manufacturing or assembly defect that
was not discovered before launch;   


 
&#149;
 
 problems with the power sub-system of the satellite;   



 
&#149;
 
 problems with the control sub-system of the satellite; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 general failures resulting from operating satellites in the harsh space environment, such as premature component failure or wear.
 Any single anomaly or series of anomalies, or other operational failure or degradation, on any of the
satellites we own and operate or use could have a material adverse effect on our operations and revenues and our relationships with current customers and distributors, as well as our ability to attract new customers for our satellite services.
Anomalies may also reduce the expected useful life of a satellite, thereby creating additional expense due to the need to provide replacement or backup capacity and potentially reducing revenues if service is interrupted or degraded on the
satellites we utilize. We may not be able to obtain backup capacity or a replacement satellite on reasonable economic terms, a reasonable schedule or at all. In addition, anomalies may also cause a reduction of the revenues generated by the
applicable satellite or the recognition of an impairment loss, and in some circumstances could lead to claims from third parties for damages, for example, if a satellite experiencing an anomaly were to cause physical damage to another satellite,
create interference to the transmissions on another satellite or cause another satellite operator to incur expenses to avoid such physical damage or interference. Finally, the occurrence of anomalies may adversely affect our ability to insure our
satellites at commercially reasonable premiums or terms, if at all. While some anomalies are covered by insurance policies, others are not or may not be covered, or may be subject to large deductibles. 
Although our satellites have redundant or backup systems and components that operate in the event of an anomaly, operational failure or
degradation of primary critical components, these redundant or backup systems and components are subject to risk of failure similar to those experienced by the primary systems and components. The occurrence of a failure of any of these redundant or
backup systems and components could materially impair the useful life, capacity, coverage or operational capabilities of the satellite. 
   22 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_3:
Our ability to earn revenues from our satellite services depends on the continued operation of ViaSat-1, WildBlue-1
and any other satellite we may acquire or use in the future, such as our ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class satellites. Each satellite has a limited useful life, referred to as its design life. There can be no assurance as to the actual operational life of
a satellite, which may be shorter than its design life. A number of factors affect the useful lives of the satellites, including, among other things, the quality of their design and construction, the durability of their component parts and back-up
units, the ability to continue to maintain proper orbit and control over the satellite&#146;s functions, the efficiency of the launch vehicle used, consumption of remaining on-board fuel following orbit insertion, degradation and durability of solar
panels, the actual space environment experienced compared to the assumed space environment for which the satellites were designed and tested, and the occurrence of any anomaly or series of anomalies or other in-orbit risks affecting the satellite.
In addition, continued improvements in satellite technology may make obsolete our existing satellites or any other satellite we may own or acquire in the future prior to the end of its life.
CONTENT_4:
In May 2013, we entered into a satellite construction contract for our ViaSat-2 satellite, which is currently under construction. In
addition, construction has commenced on two ViaSat-3 class satellites, our third-generation high-capacity Ka-band satellite design, pursuant to a limited authorization to proceed. We expect to enter into two separate agreements with The Boeing
Company (Boeing) for the construction and purchase of the two ViaSat-3 class satellites and the integration of our payload technologies into the satellites, which contracts will replace and supersede the existing limited authorization to proceed,
but there can be no assurance that these construction contracts will be entered into with Boeing on the terms we expect or at all. If we are unable to enter into construction contracts with Boeing with respect to our ViaSat-3 class satellites on the
terms we expect or at all, our ViaSat-3 satellite program may be materially delayed and we may incur significant additional costs. We may construct and launch additional satellites in the future. The design and construction of satellites require
significant investments of capital and management time. Satellite construction and launch are also subject to significant risks, including construction delays, cost overruns, regulatory conditions or delays, unavailability of launch opportunities,
launch failure, damage or destruction during launch and improper orbital placement. Unlike our ViaSat-1 and ViaSat-2 satellites, which were or are being constructed in their entirety by the satellite manufacturer, we are for the first time
constructing the payload for our ViaSat-3 class satellites ourselves at our own facilities, and expect Boeing to integrate the completed payload into the satellite bus at their facilities. Moreover, the technologies in our ViaSat-3 satellite design
are very complex, and there can be no assurance that the technologies will work as we expect or that we will realize any or all of the anticipated benefits of our ViaSat-3 satellite design. Difficulties or delays in the construction or integration
of the payload for our ViaSat-3 class satellites or the implementation of our ViaSat-3 satellite design could adversely affect our business plan for these satellites and result in significant additional cost. We have in the past experienced delays
in satellite construction and launch which have adversely affected our operations. Future delays may have the same effect. A significant delay in the delivery of any satellite may also adversely affect our business plan for the satellite. If
satellite construction schedules are not met, a launch opportunity may not be available at the time the satellite is ready to be launched. The failure to implement our satellite deployment plan on schedule could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_5:
Satellites are subject to certain risks related to failed launches. Launch failures result in significant delays in the deployment of satellites because of the need both to construct replacement
satellites, which can take up to 36 months or longer, and to obtain other launch opportunities. Such significant delays could have a material adverse 
   23 





Table of Contents

 
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The overall historical loss rate in the satellite industry for all launches of commercial satellites in fixed orbits in the
last five years is estimated by some industry participants to be approximately 5% but could at any time be higher. Launch vehicles may also under- perform, in which case the satellite may still be able to be placed into service by using its onboard
propulsion systems to reach the desired orbital location, but this would cause a reduction in its useful life.
CONTENT_6:
We currently hold in-orbit insurance for ViaSat-1, WildBlue-1 and Anik
F2, and are in the process of placing launch insurance for our ViaSat-2 satellite. We intend to seek launch and in-orbit insurance for any satellite we may construct or acquire in the future. However, we may not be able to obtain insurance, or renew
existing insurance, for our satellites on reasonable economic terms or at all. If we are able to obtain or renew our insurance, it may contain customary exclusions and exclusions for past satellite anomalies. A failure to obtain or renew our
satellite insurance may also result in a default under our debt instruments. In addition, the occurrence of any anomalies on other satellites, including other Ka-band satellites, or any failures of a satellite using similar components or failures of
a similar launch vehicle to any launch vehicle we intend to use for any future satellite (including our ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class satellites), may materially adversely affect our ability to insure the satellites at commercially reasonable premiums
or terms, if at all.  The policies covering our insured satellites will not cover the full cost of constructing and launching
or replacing a satellite nor fully cover our losses in the event of a satellite failure or significant degradation. Moreover, such policies do not cover, and we do not have protection against, lost profits, business interruptions, fixed operating
expenses, loss of business or similar losses. Our insurance contains customary exclusions, material change and other conditions that could limit recovery under those policies. Further, any insurance proceeds may not be received on a timely basis in
order to launch a spare satellite or construct and launch a replacement satellite or take other remedial measures. In addition, the policies are subject to limitations involving uninsured losses, large satellite performance deductibles and policy
limits.
CONTENT_7:
The markets in which we compete are highly competitive and competition is increasing. In addition, because the markets in which we operate
are constantly evolving and characterized by rapid technological change, it is difficult for us to predict whether, when and by whom new competing technologies, products or services may be introduced into our markets. Currently, we face substantial
competition in each of our business segments. In our satellite services segment, we face competition for consumer and enterprise broadband services both from existing competitors and emerging technologies. Our residential and other fixed broadband
service offerings compete with broadband service offerings from wireline and wireless telecommunications companies, cable companies, satellite companies and internet service providers. Many of our competitors are larger than us, have substantial
capital resources, have greater brand recognition, have access to spectrum or technologies not available to us, or are able to offer bundled service offerings that we are not able to duplicate, all of which may reduce demand for our broadband
services. In addition, the broadband services market continues to see industry consolidation and vertical integration, which may enable our competitors to provide competing services to broader customer segments. New entrants, some with significant
financial resources, and new emerging technologies (including 5G and advanced fiber) may compete with our broadband service offerings. For example, Google has launched high-speed internet and video services in a limited number of areas and has
announced plans to expand in more areas. Our in-flight broadband service offerings compete against air-to-ground mobile services and other satellite-based services, such as the services offered by Global Eagle and Gogo. In our commercial networks
segment, we compete with numerous other providers of satellite and terrestrial communications systems, products and equipment, including: ASC Signal, Astrium, Comtech, General Dynamics, Gilat, EchoStar (Hughes Network Systems), iDirect Technologies,
L-3 Communications, Newtec, Panasonic, Space Systems/Loral, Thales and Zodiac Data Systems. In addition, some of our customers continuously evaluate whether to develop and manufacture their own products and could elect to compete with us

   24 





Table of Contents

 
at any time. Within our government systems segment, we generally compete with manufacturers of defense electronics products, systems or subsystems, such as BAE Systems, General Dynamics, Harris,
Inmarsat, L-3 Communications, Rockwell Collins and similar companies. We may also occasionally compete directly with the largest defense prime contractors, including Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman and Raytheon Systems. Many of our
competitors in our commercial networks and government systems segments have significant competitive advantages, including strong customer relationships, more experience with regulatory compliance, greater financial and management resources and
access to technologies not available to us. Many of our competitors are also substantially larger than we are and may have more extensive engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do. As a result, these competitors may be able to
adapt more quickly to changing technology or market conditions or may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products. Our ability to compete in each of our segments may also be adversely affected by
limits on our capital resources and our ability to invest in maintaining and expanding our market share.
CONTENT_8:
A major element of our broadband services business strategy is to utilize our
proprietary high-capacity Ka-band satellites and any additional satellites we may construct or acquire in the future to continue to expand our provision of high-speed broadband services around the globe. We may be unsuccessful in implementing our
business plan for our broadband services business, or we may not be able to achieve the revenues that we expect from our broadband services business. Any failure to realize our anticipated benefits of our high-capacity Ka-band satellites, to attract
a sufficient number of distributors or customers for our broadband services, to expand our broadband services business internationally or to grow our consumer and enterprise customer base for broadband services as quickly as we anticipate, may have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  In connection with the development
of any new generation satellite design, and the launch of any new satellite and the commencement of the related service, we expect to incur additional operating costs that negatively impact our financial results. For example, we believe the launch
and roll-out of our ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class satellites and related ground infrastructure will impact our financial results in our satellite services segment in future periods, although we expect the relative impact to be less than we experienced
in relation to the launch and roll-out of our ViaSat-1 satellite and related ground infrastructure. During the period from late fiscal year 2012 until early fiscal year 2015, we incurred higher operating costs in connection with the launch and
roll-out of our ViaSat-1 satellite, related ground infrastructure and Exede broadband services, as well as higher interest expense as we capitalized a lower amount of the interest expense on our outstanding debt. These higher operating costs
included costs associated with depreciation, earth station connectivity, subscriber acquisition costs, logistics, customer care and various support systems. These operating costs negatively impacted income from operations during that period. In
addition, our IR&amp;D investments in our ViaSat-3 class satellites and related ground infrastructure are expected to continue to negatively impact our financial results in our commercial networks segment. We also expect to continue to invest in
subscriber acquisition costs during fiscal year 2017 as we further expand our subscriber base as well as make additional investments relating to our ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class satellites. If our business strategy for our satellite services segment
does not succeed, we may be unable to recover our significant investments in our high-capacity Ka-band satellites, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
CONTENT_9:
Governmental authorizations are required in connection with the products and services that we provide. In order to maintain these
authorizations, including rights to operate at certain orbital slots in certain radio frequencies, compliance with specific conditions of those authorizations, certain laws and regulations, and the payment of annual regulatory fees may be required.
Failure to comply with such requirements, or comply in a timely manner, could lead to the loss of such authorizations and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We currently hold
authorizations to, among other things, 
   25 





Table of Contents

 
operate various satellite earth stations (including but not limited to user terminals, facilities that interconnect with the internet backbone, and network hubs) and operate satellite space
stations and/or use those space stations to provide service to certain jurisdictions. While we anticipate that these authorizations will be renewed in the ordinary course to the extent that they otherwise would expire, or replaced by authorizations
covering more advanced facilities, we can provide no assurance that this will be the case. Our inability to timely obtain or maintain such authorizations could delay or preclude our operation of such satellites or our provision of products and
services that rely upon such satellites. Further, changes to the regulations under which we operate could adversely affect our ability to obtain or maintain authorizations. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.  The spacecraft we use in our business are subject to the regulatory
authority of, and conditions imposed by, foreign governments, as well as contractual arrangements with third parties and the rules and procedures of the ITU governing access to orbital and spectrum rights and the international coordination of
satellite networks. Our ViaSat-1 satellite operates under authority granted to ManSat Limited by the governments of the Isle of Man and the United Kingdom (as well as authority from the FCC), and pursuant to contractual arrangements we have with
ManSat Limited that extend past the expected useful life of ViaSat-1. ViaSat-2 is expected to operate under the authority of the United Kingdom. We also use Ka-band capacity on the Anik F2 satellite to provide our broadband services under an
agreement with Telesat Canada, and we may do so until the end of the useful life of that satellite. Telesat Canada operates that satellite under authority granted to it by the government of Canada. We also currently use the WildBlue-1 satellite,
which we own, and which is co-located with Anik F2 under authority granted to Telesat Canada by the government of Canada, and pursuant to an agreement we have with Telesat Canada that expires upon the end of the useful life of Anik F2. Accordingly,
we are reliant upon ManSat Limited and Telesat Canada to maintain their respective governmental rights on which our operating rights are based. The use of these spacecraft in our business is subject to various conditions in the underlying
authorizations held by us, ManSat Limited and Telesat Canada, as well as the technical and operational requirements of the rules and regulations of those jurisdictions. Any failure to meet these types of requirements, maintain our contractual
arrangements, obtain or maintain our authorizations, or manage potential conflicts with the orbital slot rights afforded to third parties, could lead to us losing our rights to operate from these orbital locations or may otherwise require us to
modify or limit our operations from these locations, which could materially adversely affect our ability to operate a satellite at full capacity or at all, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.
CONTENT_10:
In order to position ourselves to take advantage of growth opportunities, from time to time we make strategic acquisitions and enter into
joint ventures and other strategic alliances that involve significant risks and uncertainties. For example, in February 2016, we entered into the Framework Agreement with Eutelsat, pursuant to which we have agreed to enter into a strategic
partnering arrangement with Eutelsat to own and operate satellite broadband infrastructure and equipment and provide broadband services and products in the European region. Risks and uncertainties relating to acquisitions, joint ventures and
other strategic alliances include:   


 
&#149;
 
 the difficulty in integrating and managing newly acquired businesses or any businesses of a joint venture or strategic alliance in an efficient and
effective manner;   


 
&#149;
 
 the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits expected from such transactions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the risk of diverting our resources and the attention of our senior management from the operations of our business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 additional demands on management related to the increase in the size and scope of our company following an acquisition or to the complexities of a
joint venture or strategic alliance;   


 
&#149;
 
 the risk that our markets do not evolve as anticipated and the technologies acquired or the joint venture or strategic alliance entered into do not
prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets; 
   26 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in combining or managing different corporate cultures; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in the assimilation and retention of key employees and in maintaining relationships with present and potential customers, distributors and
suppliers of an acquired business;   


 
&#149;
 
 the lack of unilateral control over a joint venture or strategic alliance and the risk that joint venture or strategic partners have business goals and
interests that are not aligned with ours;   


 
&#149;
 
 the failure of a joint venture or strategic partner to satisfy its obligations or the bankruptcy or malfeasance of such person or entity;
  


 
&#149;
 
 costs and expenses associated with any undisclosed or potential liabilities of an acquired business or with respect to any joint venture or strategic
alliance;   


 
&#149;
 
 delays, difficulties or unexpected costs in the integration, assimilation, implementation or modification of platforms, systems, functions,
technologies and infrastructure to support the combined business, joint venture or strategic alliance, as well as maintaining uniform standards, controls (including internal accounting controls), procedures and policies;
  


 
&#149;
 
 the risk that we do not realize a satisfactory return on our investments; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the risk that funding requirements may be significantly greater than anticipated; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the risks of entering markets in which we have less experience; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the risks of potential disputes concerning indemnities and other obligations that could result in substantial costs. 
In connection with the Eutelsat strategic partnering arrangement and any future acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic alliances, we
may incur debt, issue equity securities, assume contingent liabilities or have amortization expenses and write-downs of acquired assets, which could cause our earnings per share to decline. Mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic
alliances are inherently risky and subject to many factors outside of our control, and we cannot be certain that our previous or future acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances will be successful and will not materially adversely affect
our business, operating results or financial condition. We do not know whether we will be able to successfully integrate the businesses, products, technologies or personnel that we might acquire in the future or that any strategic investments we
make will meet our financial or other investment objectives. Any failure to do so could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_11:
We must comply with all applicable export control laws and regulations of the United States and other countries. U.S. laws
and regulations applicable to us include the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department
of the Treasury&#146;s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). The export of certain satellite hardware, services and technical data relating to satellites is regulated by the U.S. Department of State under ITAR. Other items are controlled for
export by the U.S. Department of Commerce under the EAR. We cannot provide services to certain countries subject to U.S. trade sanctions unless we first obtain the necessary authorizations from OFAC. In addition, we are subject to the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, which generally bars bribes or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. Violations of these laws or regulations could result in significant additional sanctions including fines, more onerous compliance
requirements, more extensive debarments from export privileges or loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of our international business. A violation of ITAR or the other regulations enumerated above could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
   27 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_12:
Our business is highly regulated. We are subject to the regulatory authority of the
jurisdictions in which we operate, including the United States and other jurisdictions around the world. Those authorities regulate, among other things, the launch and operation of satellites, the use of radio spectrum, the licensing of earth
stations and other radio transmitters, the provision of communications services, and the design, manufacture and marketing of communications systems and networking infrastructure. We cannot predict when or whether applicable laws or regulations may
come into effect or change, or what the cost and time necessary to comply with such new or updated laws or regulations may be. Failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in the imposition of financial penalties against us,
the adverse modification or cancellation of required authorizations, or other material adverse actions.  Laws and regulations
affecting our business are subject to change in response to industry developments, new technology, and political considerations. Legislators and regulatory authorities in various countries are considering, and may in the future adopt, new laws,
policies and regulations, as well as changes to existing regulations, regarding a variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect our operations or the operations of our distribution partners, increase the cost of providing our
products and services and make our products and services less competitive in our core markets. For example, the FCC has established a new universal service funding mechanism to support the provision of voice and broadband services in certain
high-cost areas of the United States, known as the CAF. For further information, see &#147;Regulatory Environment &#151; Radio-frequency and Communications Regulation &#151; US Regulation &#151; Universal Service&#148; in Item 1 of this
report. Depending on the extent to which the CAF, as implemented, gives incumbents a competitive advantage in providing broadband services in supported areas, or terrestrial technologies a competitive advantage over satellite
technologies, the CAF could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The space stations and ground network we use to provide our Exede broadband services operate using Ka-band spectrum that is designated
for use on a primary basis for the types of satellite services we provide, as well as additional Ka-band spectrum that is designated primarily for fixed terrestrial wireless and other uses but that we are authorized to use on a secondary or
non-interference basis. The FCC has commenced a rulemaking proceeding in which it is considering allowing this spectrum we use on a secondary basis to be used for future &#147;5G&#148; wireless mobile broadband services. For further information, see
&#147;Regulatory Environment &#151; Radio-frequency and Communications Regulation &#151; US Regulation &#151; Satellite Spectrum&#148; in Item 1 of this report. If the FCC adopts rules for 5G spectrum that would require satellite
operators to protect 5G networks from interference in Ka-band spectrum, we may be unable to utilize this spectrum as planned to expand our satellite network capacity. Similarly, if the FCC does not adopt and enforce suitable limits on 5G operations,
5G transmissions could cause harmful interference into our satellite receivers and prevent our satellites from working as intended. The adoption of rules that would limit protection for satellite operations or constrain or prohibit the types of uses
we have planned for this spectrum could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Changes to laws and regulations could materially harm our business by (1) affecting our ability to obtain or retain required governmental authorizations, (2) restricting our ability to provide
certain products or services, (3) restricting development efforts by us and our customers, (4) making our current products and services less attractive or obsolete, (5) increasing our operational costs, or (6) making it easier or
less expensive for our competitors to compete with us. Changes in, or our failure to comply with, applicable laws and regulations could materially harm our business and impair the value of our common stock.
CONTENT_13:
Our government systems segment revenues were approximately 43%, 39% and 42% of our total revenues in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and were derived primarily from U.S. government
applications. 
   28 





Table of Contents

 
Therefore, any significant disruption or deterioration of our relationship with the U.S. government would significantly reduce our revenues. U.S. government business exposes us to
various risks, including:   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in governmental procurement legislation and regulations and other policies, which may reflect military and political developments;
  


 
&#149;
 
 unexpected contract or project terminations or suspensions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 unpredictable order placements, reductions or cancellations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 reductions or delays in government funds available for our projects due to government policy changes, budget cuts or delays, changes in available
funding, reductions in government defense expenditures and contract adjustments;   


 
&#149;
 
 the ability of competitors to protest contractual awards; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 penalties arising from post-award contract audits;   


 
&#149;
 
 the reduction in the value of our contracts as a result of the routine audit and investigation of our costs by U.S. government agencies;
  


 
&#149;
 
 higher-than-expected final costs, particularly relating to software and hardware development, for work performed under contracts where we commit to
specified deliveries for a fixed price;   


 
&#149;
 
 limited profitability from cost-reimbursement contracts under which the amount of profit is limited to a specified amount;
  


 
&#149;
 
 unpredictable cash collections of unbilled receivables that may be subject to acceptance of contract deliverables by the customer and contract
close-out procedures, including government approval of final indirect rates;   


 
&#149;
 
 competition with programs managed by other government contractors for limited resources and for uncertain levels of funding;
  


 
&#149;
 
 significant changes in contract scheduling or program structure, which generally result in delays or reductions in deliveries; and
  


 
&#149;
 
 intense competition for available U.S. government business necessitating increases in time and investment for design and development.
 We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and
performance of U.S. government contracts. Government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and, in some instances, impose added costs on our business, including the establishment of compliance procedures. A
violation of specific laws and regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of our contracts or debarment from bidding on contracts. For example, in March 2016, our majority-owned subsidiary TrellisWare was
informed by the Civil Division of the U.S. Attorney&#146;s Office for the Southern District of California that it is investigating TrellisWare&#146;s eligibility for certain prior government contracts and whether TrellisWare&#146;s conduct in
connection therewith violated the False Claims Act. At this time, we cannot determine whether the government will initiate a case and, if so, whether TrellisWare would be liable for any damages or penalties, or in what amount. Although the outcome
of any investigation is difficult to predict, an unfavorable resolution could negatively affect us.  Substantially all of
our U.S. government backlog scheduled for delivery can be terminated at the convenience of the U.S. government because our contracts with the U.S. government typically provide that orders may be terminated with limited or no
penalties. If we are unable to address any of the risks described above, or if we were to lose all or a substantial portion of our sales to the U.S. government, it could materially harm our business and impair the value of our common stock.

   29 





Table of Contents

 The funding of U.S. government programs is subject to congressional appropriations.
Congress generally appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis even though a program may extend over several fiscal years. Consequently, programs are often only partially funded initially and additional funds are committed only as Congress makes
further appropriations. In the event that appropriations for one of our programs become unavailable, or are reduced or delayed, our contract or subcontract under such program may be terminated or adjusted by the government, which could have a
negative impact on our future sales and results of operations. Budget cuts to defense spending, such as those that took effect in March 2013 under the Budget Control Act of 2011, can exacerbate these problems. From time to time, when a formal
appropriation bill has not been signed into law before the end of the U.S. government&#146;s fiscal year, Congress may pass a continuing resolution that authorizes agencies of the U.S. government to continue to operate, generally at the
same funding levels from the prior year, but does not authorize new spending initiatives, during a certain period. During such period (or until the regular appropriation bills are passed), delays can occur in procurement of products and services due
to lack of funding, and such delays can affect our results of operations during the period of delay.
CONTENT_14:
As a government contractor, we are routinely subject to audit and
review by the DCMA, the DCAA and other U.S. government agencies of our performance on government contracts, indirect rates and pricing practices, accounting and management internal control business systems, and compliance with applicable contracting
and procurement laws, regulations and standards. Both contractors and the U.S. government agencies conducting these audits and reviews have come under increased scrutiny. In particular, audits and reviews have become more rigorous and the
standards to which we are held are being more strictly interpreted, increasing the likelihood of an audit or review resulting in an adverse outcome. Increases in congressional scrutiny and investigations into business practices and major programs
supported by contractors may lead to increased legal costs and may harm our reputation and profitability if we are among the targeted companies.  An adverse outcome to a review or audit or other failure to comply with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards could result in material civil and criminal penalties and
administrative sanctions being imposed on us, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, triggering of price reduction clauses, suspension of payments, significant customer refunds, fines and suspension, or a prohibition on
doing business with U.S. government agencies. In addition, if we fail to obtain an &#147;adequate&#148; determination of our various accounting and management internal control business systems from applicable U.S. government agencies or if
allegations of impropriety are made against us, we could suffer serious harm to our business or our reputation, including our ability to bid on new contracts or receive contract renewals and our competitive position in the bidding process. Any of
these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Our
incurred cost audits by the DCAA have not been concluded for fiscal year 2016 and subsequent fiscal years. As of March 31, 2016, the DCAA had completed its incurred cost audit for fiscal year 2004 and approved our incurred cost claims for fiscal
years 2005 through 2015 without further audit. Although we have recorded contract revenues subsequent to fiscal year 2015 based upon an estimate of costs that we believe will be approved upon final audit or review, we do not know the outcome of any
ongoing or future audits or reviews and adjustments, and if future adjustments exceed our estimates, our profitability would be adversely affected. For example, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011, based on communications with the DCMA,
changes in the regulatory environment for federal government contractors, the status of current government audits and other events, we recorded an additional $5.0 million in contract-related reserves for our estimate of potential refunds to
customers for possible cost adjustments on several multi-year U.S. government cost reimbursable contracts. There can be no assurance that audits or reviews of our incurred costs and cost accounting systems for other fiscal years will not be subject
to further audit, review or scrutiny by the DCAA or other government agencies. 
   30 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_15:
Broadband,
advanced communications and secure networking markets are subject to rapid technological change, frequent new and enhanced product and service introductions, product obsolescence and changes in user requirements. Our ability to compete successfully
in these markets depends on our success in applying our expertise and technology to existing and emerging broadband, advanced communications and secure networking markets, as well as our ability to successfully develop, introduce and sell new
products and services on a timely and cost-effective basis that respond to ever-changing customer requirements, which depends on several factors, including:   


 
&#149;
 
 our ability to continue to develop leading satellite technologies, including the design of market-leading high-capacity Ka-band satellites;
  


 
&#149;
 
 our ability to enhance our product and service offerings by continuing to increase satellite capacity, bandwidth cost-efficiencies and service quality
and adding innovative features that differentiate our offerings from those of our competitors;   


 
&#149;
 
 successful integration of various elements of our complex technologies and system architectures; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 timely completion and introduction of new system and product designs; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 achievement of acceptable product and service costs;   



 
&#149;
 
 timely and efficient implementation of our manufacturing and assembly processes and cost reduction efforts; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 establishment of close working relationships with major customers for the design of their new communications and secure networking systems
incorporating our products and services;   


 
&#149;
 
 development of competitive products, services and technologies by existing and new competitors; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 marketing and pricing strategies of our competitors with respect to competitive products and services; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 market acceptance of our new products and services.  We cannot assure you that our new technology, product or service offerings will be successful or that any of the new technologies, products or services we offer will achieve sufficient market acceptance.
The period of time from conception through satellite launch for a new satellite design may be three or four years or longer, thereby delaying our ability to realize the benefits of our investments in new satellite designs and technologies. We may
experience difficulties that could delay or prevent us from successfully selecting, developing, manufacturing or marketing new technologies, products or services, and these efforts could divert our attention and resources from other projects. We
cannot be sure that such efforts and expenditures will ultimately lead to the timely development of new offerings and technologies. Any delays could result in increased costs of development or divert resources from other projects. In addition,
defects may be found in our products after we begin deliveries that could result in degradation of service quality, and the delay or loss of market acceptance. If we are unable to design, manufacture, integrate and market profitable new products and
services for existing or emerging markets, it could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, and impair the value of our common stock.  In addition, we believe that significant investments in next-generation broadband satellites and associated infrastructure will continue to be required as demand for broadband services and satellite
systems with higher capacity and higher speed continues to grow. We are constantly evaluating the opportunities and investments related to the development of these next-generation broadband systems. The development of these capital-intensive
next-generation systems may require us to undertake debt financing and/or the issuance of additional equity, which could expose us to increased risks and impair the value of our common stock. In addition, if we are

   31 





Table of Contents

 
unable to effectively or profitably design, manufacture, integrate and market such next-generation technologies, it could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations, and impair the value of our common stock.
CONTENT_16:
We produce
highly complex products that incorporate leading-edge technology, including both hardware and software. Software typically contains defects or programming flaws that can unexpectedly interfere with expected operations. In addition, our products are
complex and are designed to be deployed across complex networks, which in some cases may include over a million users. Because of the nature of these products, there is no assurance that our pre-shipment testing programs will be adequate to detect
all defects. As a result, our customers may discover errors or defects in our hardware or software, or our products may not operate as expected after they have been fully deployed. If we are unable to cure a product defect, we could experience
damage to our reputation, reduced customer satisfaction, loss of existing customers and failure to attract new customers, failure to achieve market acceptance, cancellation of orders, loss of revenues, reduction in backlog and market share,
increased service and warranty costs, diversion of development resources, legal actions by our customers, product returns or recalls, issuance of credit to customers and increased insurance costs. Further, due to the high volume nature of our
consumer broadband business, defects of products in this business could significantly increase these risks. Defects, integration issues or other performance problems in our products could also result in financial or other damages to our customers.
Our customers could seek damages for related losses from us, which could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. A product liability claim brought against us, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time consuming
and costly. The occurrence of any of these problems would seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_17:
Our success depends, in part, on the secure and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems. An increasing number of
companies have disclosed breaches of their security, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on their computer networks. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage
systems, change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If unauthorized parties gain access to our information
technology systems, they may be able to misappropriate assets or sensitive information (such as personally identifiable information of our customers, business partners and employees), cause interruption in our operations, corruption of data or
computers, or otherwise damage our reputation and business. In such circumstances, we could be held liable to our customers or other parties, or be subject to regulatory or other actions for breaching privacy rules. Any compromise of our security
could result in a loss of confidence in our security measures, and subject us to litigation, civil or criminal penalties, and negative publicity that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, if we are unable
to comply with the security standards established by banks and the payment card industry, we may be subject to fines, restrictions, and expulsion from card acceptance programs, which could adversely affect our operations.
CONTENT_18:
A small number of our contracts account for a significant percentage of our revenues. Our five largest contracts generated approximately
19%, 21% and 26% of our total revenues in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Our largest revenue-producing contracts are related to our government satellite communication systems and services and tactical data links products. The
failure of these customers or any of our key distributors to place additional orders or to maintain their contracts with us for any reason, including any downturn in their business or financial condition or our inability to renew our contracts with
these customers or obtain new contracts when they expire, could materially harm our business and impair the value of our common stock. 
   32 





Table of Contents

 A number of our commercial customers have in the past, and may in the future, experience
financial difficulties. Many of our commercial customers face risks that are similar to those we encounter, including risks associated with market growth, product defects, acceptance by the market of products and services, and the ability to obtain
sufficient capital. Further, many of our customers and strategic partners that provide satellite-based services (including Xplornet and Eutelsat) could be materially affected by a satellite failure as well as by partial satellite failure, satellite
performance degradation, satellite manufacturing errors and other failures resulting from operating satellites in the harsh environment of space. We cannot assure you that our customers will be successful in managing these risks. If our customers do
not successfully manage these types of risks, it could impair our ability to generate revenues and collect amounts due from these customers and materially harm our business.
CONTENT_19:
We are often party to government and commercial contracts involving the development of new products. We derived approximately 20%, 23% and 31% of our total revenues in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively, from these development contracts. These contracts typically contain strict performance obligations and project milestones. We cannot assure you we will comply with these performance obligations or meet these project milestones in the
future. If we are unable to comply with these performance obligations or meet these milestones, our customers may terminate these contracts and, under some circumstances, recover damages or other penalties from us. We are not currently, nor have we
always been, in compliance with all outstanding performance obligations and project milestones in our contracts. We cannot assure you that the other parties to any such contract will not terminate the contract or seek damages from us. If other
parties elect to terminate their contracts or seek damages from us, it could materially harm our business and impair the value of our common stock.
CONTENT_20:
Of our total
government systems and commercial networks segments revenues, approximately 90%, 90% and 92% were derived from contracts with fixed prices in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. These contracts carry the risk of potential cost overruns
because we assume all of the cost burden. We assume greater financial risk on fixed-price contracts than on other types of contracts because if we do not anticipate technical problems, estimate costs accurately or control costs during performance of
a fixed-price contract, it may significantly reduce our net profit or cause a loss on the contract. In the past, we have experienced significant cost overruns and losses on fixed-price contracts. For example, in June 2010, we performed extensive
integration testing of numerous system components that had been separately developed as part of a government satellite communication program. As a result of this testing and subsequent internal reviews and analyses, we determined that significant
additional rework was required in order to complete the program requirements and specifications and to prepare for a scheduled customer test. This additional rework and engineering effort resulted in a substantial increase in estimated labor and
material costs to complete the program. Accordingly, during the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, we recorded an additional forward loss of $8.5 million related to this estimate of program costs. Because many of these contracts involve new
technologies and applications and can last for years, unforeseen events, such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in the price of raw materials, problems with our suppliers and cost overruns, can result in the contractual price becoming less
favorable or even unprofitable to us over time. Furthermore, if we do not meet contract deadlines or specifications, we may need to renegotiate contracts on less favorable terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated damages or suffer major
losses if the customer exercises its right to terminate. We believe a high percentage of our contracts in our government systems and commercial networks segments will be at fixed prices in the future. Although we attempt to accurately estimate costs
for fixed-price contracts, we cannot assure you our estimates will be adequate or that substantial losses on fixed-price contracts will not occur in the future. If we are unable to address any of the risks described above, it could materially harm
our business, financial condition and results of operations, and impair the value of our common stock. 
   33 





Table of Contents
CONTENT_21:
We expect our internal manufacturing capacity to be limited to
supporting new product development activities, building customized products that need to be manufactured in strict accordance with a customer&#146;s specifications or delivery schedules, and building proprietary, highly sensitive ViaSat-designed
products and components for use in our proprietary technology platform. Therefore, our internal manufacturing capacity has been, and is expected to continue to be, very limited and we intend to continue to rely on contract manufacturers to produce
the majority of our products. In addition, some components, subassemblies and services necessary for the manufacture of our products are obtained from a sole source supplier or a limited group of suppliers. 
Our reliance on contract manufacturers and on sole source suppliers or a limited group of suppliers involves several risks. We may not be
able to obtain an adequate supply of required components, and our control over the price, timely delivery, reliability and quality of finished products may be reduced. The process of manufacturing our products and some of our components and
subassemblies is extremely complex. We have in the past experienced and may in the future experience delays in the delivery of and quality problems with products and components and subassemblies from vendors. Some of the suppliers we rely upon have
relatively limited financial and other resources. Some of our vendors have manufacturing facilities in areas that may be prone to natural disasters and other natural occurrences that may affect their ability to perform and deliver under our
contract. If we are not able to obtain timely deliveries of components and subassemblies of acceptable quality or if we are otherwise required to seek alternative sources of supply or to substitute alternative technology, or to manufacture our
finished products or components and subassemblies internally, our ability to satisfactorily and timely complete our customer obligations could be negatively impacted which could result in reduced sales, termination of contracts and damage to our
reputation and relationships with our customers. This failure could also result in a customer terminating our contract for default. A default termination could expose us to liability and have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for
future contracts and orders. In addition, a delay in our ability to obtain components and equipment parts from our suppliers may affect our ability to meet our customers&#146; needs and may have an adverse effect upon our profitability.
CONTENT_22:
We have a significant
amount of indebtedness. As of March 31, 2016, the aggregate principal amount of our total outstanding indebtedness was $973.7 million, which comprised $575.0 million in principal amount of 6.875% Senior Notes due 2020 (2020 Notes),
$180.0 million in principal amount of outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility), $197.2 million in principal amount of outstanding borrowings under our direct loan facility with the Export-Import
Bank of the United States for ViaSat-2 (the Ex-Im Credit Facility and, together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Credit Facilities), and $0.6 million of other obligations. In addition, as of March 31, 2016 we had accrued $21.0
million in completion exposure fees expected to be financed under the Ex-Im Credit Facility.  Our high level of indebtedness
could have important consequences. For example, it could:   


 
&#149;
 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 impair our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, product development,
satellite construction, acquisitions or general corporate or other purposes; 
   34 





Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
 require us to dedicate a material portion of our cash flows from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby
reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, product development, satellite construction, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 expose us to the risk of increased interest rates to the extent we make borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, which bear interest at a
variable rate;   


 
&#149;
 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 limit our ability to adjust to changing market conditions.  Any of these risks could materially impact our ability to fund our operations or limit our ability to expand our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.
CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:
We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness before maturity, including the 2020 Notes and any indebtedness under our
Credit Facilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient funds to enable us to repay or refinance our debt obligations on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
CONTENT_26:
The Credit Facilities and the indenture governing the 2020 Notes contain covenants that may restrict our ability to implement our business
plan, finance future operations, respond to changing business and economic conditions, secure additional financing, and engage in opportunistic transactions, such as strategic acquisitions. In addition, if we fail to satisfy the covenants contained
in our Credit Facilities, our ability to borrow under our Credit Facilities may be restricted. The Credit Facilities and the indenture governing the 2020 Notes include covenants restricting, among other things, our ability to do the following:
  


 
&#149;
 
 incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness;   


 
&#149;
 
 issue redeemable stock and preferred stock;   


 
&#149;
 
 grant or incur liens;   


 
&#149;
 
 sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 make loans and investments;   


 
&#149;
 
 pay dividends, make distributions, or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 enter into transactions with affiliates;   


 
&#149;
 
 reduce our satellite insurance; and   


 
&#149;
 
 consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of our assets to, another person. 
In addition, our Credit Facilities require us to comply with certain financial covenants, including a maximum total leverage ratio and
minimum interest coverage ratio. Our Revolving Credit Facility is secured by first-priority liens on substantially all of the assets of our company, including the stock of our significant subsidiaries, and the assets of the subsidiary guarantors
under our Revolving Credit Facility. Our Ex-Im Credit Facility is guaranteed by ViaSat and is secured by first-priority liens on the ViaSat-2 satellite and related assets, as well as the stock of our foreign subsidiary that will own the ViaSat-2
satellite.  If we default under our Credit Facilities or the indenture governing the 2020 Notes because of a covenant breach
or otherwise, all outstanding amounts thereunder could become immediately due and payable. In the past we have violated the covenants in our former revolving credit facilities and received waivers for these violations. We cannot assure you that we
will be able to comply with our financial or other covenants under our Credit Facilities or the indenture governing the 2020 Notes or that any covenant violations will be waived in the future.

   36 





Table of Contents

 
Any violation that is not waived could result in an event of default, permitting our lenders to declare outstanding indebtedness and interest thereon due and payable, and permitting the lenders
under our Credit Facilities to suspend commitments to make any advance or, with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, require any outstanding letters of credit to be collateralized by an interest bearing cash account, any or all of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we would have sufficient funds to repay all the outstanding amounts under our Credit Facilities or the indenture governing the
2020 Notes, and any acceleration of amounts due would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition.
CONTENT_27:
We depend on a limited number of key technical,
marketing and management personnel to manage and operate our business. In particular, we believe our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, including our Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer, Mark Dankberg, and those highly skilled design, process and test engineers involved in the manufacture of existing products and the development of new products and processes. The competition for these types of personnel is
intense, and the loss of key employees could materially harm our business and impair the value of our common stock. To the extent that the demand for qualified personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs
in order to attract and retain such employees, or could experience difficulties in performing under our contracts if our needs for such employees were unmet.
CONTENT_28:
Our business and operating results are affected by the global business environment and economic conditions, including changes in interest
rates, consumer credit conditions, consumer debt levels, consumer confidence, rates of inflation, unemployment rates, energy costs, geopolitical issues and other macro-economic factors. For example, high unemployment levels or energy costs may
impact our consumer customer base in our satellite services segment by reducing consumers&#146; discretionary income and affecting their ability to subscribe for our broadband services. Our commercial networks segment similarly depends on the
economic health and willingness of our customers and potential customers to make and adhere to capital and financial commitments to purchase our products and services. During periods of slowing global economic growth or recession, our customers or
key suppliers may experience deterioration of their businesses, cash flow shortages, difficulty obtaining financing or insolvency. Existing or potential customers may reduce or postpone spending in response to tighter credit, negative financial news
or declines in income or asset values, which could have a material negative effect on the demand for our products and services. Any of these factors could result in reduced demand for, and pricing pressure on, our products and services, which could
lead to a reduction in our revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  In
addition, U.S. credit and capital markets have experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions from time to time. Uncertainty or volatility in credit or capital markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional debt
or equity financing or to refinance existing indebtedness in the future on favorable terms or at all. Any of these risks could impair our ability to fund our operations or limit our ability to expand our business, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_29:
Approximately
15%, 17% and 23% of our total revenues in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, were derived from international sales. Many of our international sales may be denominated in foreign currencies. Because we do not currently engage in, nor do
we anticipate engaging in, material foreign currency hedging 
   37 





Table of Contents

 
transactions related to international sales, a decrease in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could result in losses from transactions denominated in foreign
currencies. This decrease in value could also make our products less price-competitive.  There are additional risks in
conducting business internationally, including:   


 
&#149;
 
 unexpected changes in laws, policies and regulatory requirements, including but not limited to regulations related to import-export control;
  


 
&#149;
 
 increased cost of localizing systems in foreign countries; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 increased sales and marketing and research and development expenses; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 availability of suitable export financing;   


 
&#149;
 
 timing and availability of export licenses;   


 
&#149;
 
 imposition of taxes, tariffs, embargoes and other trade barriers; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 political and economic instability or issues related to the political relationship between the United States and other countries;
  


 
&#149;
 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, foreign exchange controls and restrictions on cash repatriation; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 compliance with a variety of international laws and U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad;
  


 
&#149;
 
 challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in managing distributors;   


 
&#149;
 
 requirements for additional liquidity to fund our international operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 ineffective legal protection of our intellectual property rights in certain countries; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 potentially adverse tax consequences;   


 
&#149;
 
 potential difficulty in making adequate payment arrangements; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 potential difficulty in collecting accounts receivable.  In addition, some of our customer purchase agreements are governed by foreign laws, which may differ significantly from U.S. laws. We may be limited in our ability to enforce our rights under these
agreements and to collect damages, if awarded. If we are unable to address any of the risks described above, it could materially harm our business and impair the value of our common stock.
CONTENT_30:
Our success
depends significantly on our ability to protect our proprietary rights to the technologies we use in our products and services. We generally rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret laws and contractual rights to
protect our proprietary rights in our technology and products. We also enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and corporate partners, and control access to and distribution of our proprietary information. Despite our
efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights adequately, our competitors could use the intellectual
property we have developed to enhance their own products and services, which could materially harm our business and impair the value of our common stock. Monitoring and preventing unauthorized use of our technology is difficult. From time to time,
we undertake actions to prevent unauthorized use of our technology, including sending cease and desist letters. In addition, we may be required to commence litigation to protect our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope
of the proprietary rights of others. For example, in February 2012 we successfully sued SS/L 
   38 





Table of Contents

 
and its former parent company Loral Space &amp; Communications, Inc. (Loral) for patent infringement and breach of contract relating to the manufacture of ViaSat-1 (see Note 12 to the
consolidated financial statements). If we are unsuccessful in any such litigation in the future, our rights to enforce such intellectual property may be impaired or we could lose some or all of our rights to such intellectual property. We do not
know whether the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology, including in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as extensively as in the United States. If we are unable to protect our
proprietary rights, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the substantial expense, time and effort required to create the innovative products. Also, we have delivered certain technical data and information
to the U.S. government under procurement contracts, and the U.S. government may have unlimited rights to use that technical data and information. There can be no assurance that the U.S. government will not authorize others to use that data
and information to compete with us.
CONTENT_31:
We may be party to intellectual property infringement, invalidity, right to use or ownership claims
by third parties or claims for indemnification resulting from infringement claims. Regardless of the merit of these claims, intellectual property litigation can be time consuming and costly and may result in the diversion of the attention of
technical and management personnel. An adverse result in any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Asserted claims or initiated litigation can include claims against us or our
manufacturers, suppliers or customers alleging infringement of their proprietary rights with respect to our existing or future products, or components of those products. If our products are found to infringe or violate the intellectual property
rights of third parties, we may be forced to (1) seek licenses or royalty arrangements from such third parties, (2) stop selling, incorporating or using products that included the challenged intellectual property, or (3) incur
substantial costs to redesign those products that use the technology. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain any such licenses or royalty arrangements on reasonable terms or at all or to develop redesigned products or, if these
redesigned products were developed, they would perform as required or be accepted in the applicable markets.
CONTENT_32:
Many of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed from
third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various elements of the technology used to develop these products. We cannot assure you that our existing or future third-party licenses will be available to us
on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Our inability to maintain or obtain any third-party license required to sell or develop our products and product enhancements could require us to obtain substitute technology of lower quality or
performance standards, or at greater cost.
CONTENT_33:
We are a party to various lawsuits and claims in the normal course of our business. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy
and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. An unfavorable resolution of a particular lawsuit could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.
CONTENT_34:
In February 2016, we filed a universal shelf registration statement with the SEC for the future sale of an unlimited amount of common
stock, preferred stock, debt securities, depositary shares, warrants and rights. The securities may be offered from time to time, separately or together, directly by us, by selling security holders, or through underwriters, dealers or agents at
amounts, prices, interest rates and other terms to be determined at the time of the offering.   
   39 





Table of Contents

 We may also issue additional shares of common stock to finance future acquisitions through
the use of equity. For example, during the third quarter of fiscal year 2010 we issued approximately 4.29 million shares of our common stock to former equity and debt holders of WildBlue Holding, Inc. (WildBlue) in connection with our
acquisition of WildBlue. Additionally, a substantial number of shares of our common stock are available for future sale pursuant to stock options, warrants or issuance pursuant to our 1996 Equity Participation Plan of ViaSat, Inc. and the ViaSat,
Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or the effect, if any, that future sales and issuances of shares of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of
substantial amounts of our common stock (including shares issued upon the exercise of stock options and warrants or in connection with acquisition financing), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market
prices for our common stock. In addition, these sales may be dilutive to existing stockholders.
CONTENT_35:
The market price of our common stock has been volatile in the past. For
example, since April 1, 2012 the market price of our common stock has ranged from $33.09 to $79.15, and since April 1, 2015, the market price of our common stock has ranged from $56.02 to $79.15. Trading prices may continue to fluctuate in
response to a number of events and factors, including the following:   


 
&#149;
 
 quarterly variations in operating results and announcements of innovations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 announcements relating to the acquisition, construction and launch of satellites; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 new products, services and strategic developments by us or our competitors; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 developments in our relationships with our customers, distributors, suppliers and joint venture partners; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 regulatory developments;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in our revenues, expense levels or profitability; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 failure to meet the expectations of securities analysts; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 changes in the satellite and wireless communications and secure networking industries; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 changes in the economy.  Any of these events may cause the market price of our common stock to fall. In addition, the stock market in general and the market prices for technology companies in particular have experienced
significant volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
CONTENT_36:
We currently believe that we are likely to have sufficient taxable income in the future to realize the benefit of all of our net deferred tax assets (consisting primarily of net operating loss and tax
credit carryforwards, reserves and accruals that are not currently deductible for tax purposes). However, some or all of these deferred tax assets could expire unused if we are unable to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to take
advantage of them or we enter into transactions that limit our right to use them. If it became more likely than not that deferred tax assets would expire unused, we would have to increase our valuation allowance against deferred tax assets to
reflect this fact, which could materially increase our income tax expense, and therefore adversely affect our results of operations and tangible net worth in the period in which it is recorded. 
   40 





Table of Contents

 Moreover, our ability to utilize our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to
offset future taxable income and reduce future cash tax liabilities would be negatively impacted if we were to experience an &#147;ownership change,&#148; as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code). In general terms, an
&#147;ownership change&#148; can occur whenever one or more &#147;5% stockholders&#148; collectively change the ownership of a company by more than 50 percentage points within a three-year period. The determination of whether an ownership change has
occurred for purposes of Section 382 of the Code is complex and requires significant judgment. Moreover, the number of shares of our common stock outstanding at any particular time for purposes of Section 382 of the Code may differ from
the number of shares that we report as outstanding in our filings with the SEC. In the event that an ownership change occurs, our ability to utilize our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards would be negatively impacted, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_37:
As of March 31,
2016, our executive officers and directors and their affiliates beneficially owned an aggregate of approximately 10% of our common stock. Accordingly, these stockholders may be able to substantially influence all matters requiring approval by our
stockholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions. Circumstances may arise in which the interests of these stockholders could conflict with the interests of our other
stockholders. These stockholders could delay or prevent a change in control of ViaSat even if such a transaction would be beneficial to our other stockholders.
CONTENT_38:
Some of the provisions of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware law could
discourage, delay or prevent an acquisition of our business, even if a change in control of ViaSat would be beneficial to the interests of our stockholders and was made at a premium price. These provisions: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 permit the board of directors to increase its own size and fill the resulting vacancies; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 provide for a board comprised of three classes of directors with each class serving a staggered three-year term; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock in one or more series; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent.  We are also subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our
common stock. In addition, under the indenture governing the 2020 Notes, if certain &#147;change of control&#148; events occur, each holder of 2020 Notes may require us to repurchase all of such holder&#146;s 2020 Notes at a purchase price equal to
101% of the principal amount of such notes. Additionally, our Credit Facilities provide for an event of default upon the occurrence of certain specified &#147;change of control&#148; events.  <B
