HEADER_1:
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline.
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry
HEADER_3:
Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results will be adversely affected.
HEADER_4:
Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
HEADER_5:
Our revenue growth rate in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance.
HEADER_6:
We have a history of losses, anticipate increasing our operating expenses in the future, and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability or maintain or increase cash flow on a consistent basis. If we cannot achieve or maintain profitability or maintain or increase our cash flow, our business, financial condition, and operating results may suffer.
HEADER_7:
Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, and may increase the risk of your investment.
HEADER_8:
If we are unable to sell additional products and services to our end-customers or maintain or increase our installed end-customer base, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed.
HEADER_9:
We face intense competition in our market, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position.
HEADER_10:
A network or data security incident may allow unauthorized access to our network or data, harm our reputation, create additional liability and adversely impact our financial results.
HEADER_11:
If functionality similar to that offered by our products is incorporated into existing network infrastructure products, organizations may decide against adding our appliances to their network, which would have an adverse effect on our business.
HEADER_12:
Reliance on shipments at the end of the quarter could cause our revenue for the applicable period to fall below expected levels.
HEADER_13:
If we are unable to hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management, our business could suffer.
HEADER_14:
We rely on third-party channel partners to sell substantially all of our products, and if these partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products and services will be limited, and our operating results will be harmed.
HEADER_15:
Because we depend on third-party manufacturers to build and ship our products, we are susceptible to manufacturing and logistics delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping customer orders on time, if at all, or on a cost-effective basis, which may result in the loss of sales and customers.
HEADER_16:
Managing the supply of our products and product components is complex. Insufficient supply and inventory may result in lost sales opportunities or delayed revenue, while excess inventory may harm our gross margins.
HEADER_17:
Because some of the key components in our products come from limited sources of supply, we are susceptible to supply shortages or supply changes, which could disrupt or delay our scheduled product deliveries to our customers and may result in the loss of sales and customers.
HEADER_18:
If we are not successful in executing our strategy to increase sales of our products and services to new and existing medium and large enterprise end-customers, our operating results may suffer.
HEADER_19:
We rely on revenue from subscription and support and maintenance services, which may decline, and because we recognize revenue from subscriptions and support and maintenance services over the term of the relevant service period, downturns or upturns in sales of these subscription and support and maintenance services are not immediately reflected in full in our operating results.
HEADER_20:
Defects, errors, or vulnerabilities in our products or services or the failure of our products or services to block a virus or prevent a security breach could harm our reputation and adversely impact our operating results.
HEADER_21:
Our business is subject to the risks of warranty claims, product returns, product liability, and product defects.
HEADER_22:
If the enterprise security market does not continue to adopt our security platform, our sales will not grow as quickly as anticipated, and the market price of our common stock could decline.
HEADER_23:
If we do not accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to the rapidly evolving technological and market developments and changing end-customer needs in the enterprise security market, our competitive position and prospects will be harmed.
HEADER_24:
To remain competitive, we must successfully manage product introductions and transitions. 
HEADER_25:
Our current research and development efforts may not produce successful products or features that result in significant revenue, cost savings or other benefits in the near future, if at all.
HEADER_26:
The sales prices of our products and services may decrease, which may reduce our gross profits and adversely impact our financial results.
HEADER_27:
We generate a significant amount of revenue from sales to distributors, resellers, and end-customers outside of the United States, and we are therefore subject to a number of risks associated with international sales and operations.
HEADER_28:
We are exposed to the credit and liquidity risk of some of our channel partners and to credit exposure in weakened markets, which could result in material losses.
HEADER_29:
A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks.
HEADER_30:
If our products do not interoperate with our end-customers’ infrastructure, sales of our products and services could be negatively affected, which would harm our business.
HEADER_31:
Our ability to sell our products is dependent on the quality of our technical support services and those of our channel partners, and the failure to offer high-quality technical support services could have a material adverse effect on our end-customers’ satisfaction with our products and services, our sales, and our operating results.
HEADER_32:
We face risks associated with having operations and employees located in Israel.
HEADER_33:
We may acquire other businesses, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results. 
HEADER_34:
False detection of applications, viruses, spyware, vulnerability exploits, data patterns, or URL categories could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_35:
Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other rights could harm our business.
HEADER_36:
Our proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce or protect, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our products without compensating us.
HEADER_37:
Our use of open source software in our products could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation.
HEADER_38:
Our failure to adequately protect personal information could have a material adverse effect on our business.
HEADER_39:
We license technology from third parties, and our inability to maintain those licenses could harm our business.
HEADER_40:
Misuse of our products could harm our reputation and divert resources.
HEADER_41:
We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets.
HEADER_42:
Our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, creativity, and teamwork fostered by our culture, and our business may be harmed.
HEADER_43:
Our financial condition and operating results could suffer if there is an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets.
HEADER_44:
Our failure to raise additional capital or generate the significant capital necessary to expand our operations and invest in new products could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business.
HEADER_45:
We have a corporate structure aligned with the international nature of our business activities, and if we do not achieve increased tax benefits as a result of our corporate structure, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_46:
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
HEADER_47:
If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our operating results could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_48:
Failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations could harm our business.
HEADER_49:
If we fail to comply with environmental requirements, our business, financial condition, operating results, and reputation could be adversely affected.
HEADER_50:
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and operating results.
HEADER_51:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism.
HEADER_52:
Risks Related to Our Notes
HEADER_53:
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes or to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Notes.
HEADER_54:
We may still incur substantially more debt or take other actions which would diminish our ability to make payments on the Notes when due.
HEADER_55:
The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results.
HEADER_56:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
HEADER_57:
Our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance.
HEADER_58:
The market price of our common stock historically has been volatile and the value of your investment could decline.
HEADER_59:
The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of our common stock.
HEADER_60:
Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
HEADER_61:
The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans, the conversion of our Notes, or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders.
HEADER_62:
We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
HEADER_63:
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members.
HEADER_64:
We are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. We may not complete our analysis of our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or this internal control may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock.
HEADER_65:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_66:
Our charter documents and Delaware law, as well as certain provisions of our Notes, could discourage takeover attempts and lead to management entrenchment, which could also reduce the market price of our common stock.
