CONTENT_1:
Investments in our securities involve significant risks. Even small changes in investor expectations for our future growth and earnings, whether as a result of actual or rumored financial or operating results, changes in the mix of the products and services sold, acquisitions, industry changes, or other factors, could trigger, and have triggered in the past, significant fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. Investors in our securities should carefully consider all of the relevant factors disclosed by us, including, but not limited to, the following factors, that could affect our business, operating results and stock price.
CONTENT_2:
Our revenues and operating results may vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and any of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate.The factors that may cause our quarterly results to vary quarter by quarter and be unpredictable include, but are not limited to: &#8226;limited visibility into customer spending plans; &#8226;changes in customer mix; &#8226;changes in the mix of products and services sold; &#8226;changes in the mix of geographies in which our products and services are sold; &#8226;changing market and economic conditions; &#8226;current and potential customer, partner and supplier consolidation and concentration; &#8226;price and product competition; &#8226;long sales, qualification and implementation cycles; &#8226;unpredictable ordering patterns and reduced visibility into our customers&#8217; spending plans and associated revenue; &#8226;how well we execute on our strategy and operating plans and the impact of changes in our business model that could result in significant restructuring charges;&#8226;our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions;&#8226;changes in tax laws or accounting rules, or interpretations thereof;&#8226;changes in the amount and frequency of share repurchases or dividends; &#8226;regional economic and political conditions; and &#8226;seasonality. For example, we, and many companies in our industry, experience adverse seasonal fluctuations in customer spending, particularly in the first quarter. In addition, while we may have backlog orders for products that have not shipped, we believe that our backlog may not be a reliable indicator of future operating results for a number of reasons, including project delays, changes in project scope and the fact that our customers may cancel purchase orders or change delivery schedules without significant penalty. Furthermore, market trends, competitive pressures, commoditization of products, rebates and discounting, increased component or logistics costs, issues with product quality, regulatory impacts and other factors may result in reductions in revenue or pressure on gross margins in a given period, which may necessitate adjustments to our operations. Such adjustments may be difficult or impossible to execute in the short or medium term.As a result of these factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of operating results are not necessarily a good indication of what our future performance will be. In the past, our operating results have been below our guidance, our long-term financial model or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, and this may happen in the future, in which case the price of our common stock may decline and has declined in the past. Such a decline could also occur, and has occurred in the past, even when we have met our publicly stated revenues and/or earnings guidance.&#32;16Table of Contents
CONTENT_3:
We expect our product and service gross margins to vary, both in the near-term and in the long-term, and the gross margins we have achieved in recent years may not be sustainable and may be adversely affected in the future by numerous factors, some of which have occurred and may occur in the future, including customer, vertical, product and geographic mix shifts, an increase or decrease in our software sales or services we provide, increased price competition in one or more of the markets in which we compete, changes in the actions of our competitors or their pricing strategies, which may be difficult to predict and respond to, modifications to our pricing strategy in order to gain footprint in certain markets or with certain customers, currency fluctuations that impact our costs or the cost of our products and services to our customers, increases in material, labor, logistics, warranty costs, or inventory carrying costs, excess product component or obsolescence charges from our contract manufacturers, issues with manufacturing or component quality or efficiencies, increased costs due to changes in component pricing or charges incurred due to inaccurately forecasting product demand, warranty related issues, or our introduction of new products and enhancements or entry into new markets with different pricing and cost structures. For example, in fiscal year 2017, our margins decreased as compared to fiscal year 2016, primarily due to lower product net revenues and product mix, resulting from the year-over-year decline in routing revenues, our customers' architectural shifts, and higher costs of certain memory components. In fiscal year 2016, our margins decreased compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily due to elevated pricing pressure and product mix. In fiscal year 2015, our margins increased compared to fiscal year 2014, as a result of higher restructuring and other charges recorded in 2014 but not in 2015, in connection with the restructuring plan we initiated in the first quarter of 2014. Failure to sustain or improve our gross margins reduces our profitability and may have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price.Further, we will continue to remain diligent in our long-term financial objective to increase revenue and operating margins and manage our operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. We expect that our margins will vary with our ability to achieve these goals. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to achieve all or any of the goals of these plans or meet our announced expectations, in whole or in part, or that our plans will have the intended effect of improving our margins on the expected timeline, or at all.
CONTENT_4:
A material portion of our net revenues depend on sales to a limited number of customers and distribution partners, particularly in our Telecom/Cable and Cloud verticals. Changes in the business requirements or focus, vendor selection, project prioritization, financial prospects, capital resources, and expenditures, or purchasing behavior (including product mix purchased or delays in deployment) of our key customers could significantly decrease our sales to such customers or could lead to delays or cancellations of planned purchases of our products or services, which increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our revenues and operating results. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.In addition, in recent years, there has been movement towards consolidation in the telecommunications industry (for example, CenturyLink, Inc.'s acquisition of Level 3 Communications, Inc., and Vodafone India&#8217;s proposed acquisition of Idea Cellular Ltd.) and that consolidation trend has continued. Certain telecommunications companies have also announced their intent towards vertical consolidation through acquisitions of media and content companies, such as Verizon&#8217;s acquisition of Yahoo and AT&amp;T&#8217;s proposed acquisition of Time Warner. If our customers or partners are parties to consolidation transactions they may delay, suspend or indefinitely reduce or cancel their purchases of our products or other direct or indirect unforeseen consequences could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.&#32;17Table of Contents
CONTENT_5:
A substantial portion of our business and revenues depends on the growth of secure IP infrastructure and on the deployment of our products by customers that depend on the continued growth of IP services. As a result of changes in the economy, capital spending or the building of network capacity in excess of demand, all of which have in the past particularly affected telecommunications service providers, spending on IP infrastructure can vary, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, a number of our existing customers are evaluating the build-out of their next generation networks. During the decision-making period when our customers are determining the design of those networks and the selection of the software and equipment they will use in those networks, such customers may greatly reduce or suspend their spending on secure IP infrastructure. For example, in the second half of 2017, our switching and routing results were adversely affected by spending delays from our largest cloud customers, who we believe are in the process of implementing a networking architectural shift. The duration of the delay is difficult to predict, in part because each cloud customer will migrate their network architecture based on their own constraints. Such delays in purchases can make it more difficult to predict revenues from customers, can cause fluctuations in the level of spending by customers and, even where our products are ultimately selected, can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_6:
Our revenues and gross margin depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which we compete. Economic weakness or uncertainty, customer financial difficulties, and constrained spending on network expansion and enterprise infrastructure have in the past resulted in, and may in the future result in, decreased revenues and earnings. Such factors could make it difficult to accurately forecast revenues and operating results and could negatively affect our ability to provide accurate forecasts to our contract manufacturers and manage our contract manufacturer relationships and other expenses. In addition, economic instability or uncertainty, as well as continued turmoil in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world, have, and may continue to, put pressure on economic conditions, which has led and could lead, to reduced demand for our products, to delays or reductions in network expansions or infrastructure projects, and/or higher costs of production. More generally-speaking, economic weakness may also lead to longer collection cycles for payments due from our customers, an increase in customer bad debt, restructuring initiatives and associated expenses, and impairment of investments. Furthermore, instability in the global markets may adversely impact the ability of our customers to adequately fund their expected expenditures, which could lead to delays or cancellations of planned purchases of our products or services. Our operating expenses are largely based on anticipated revenue trends and a high percentage of our expenses is, and will continue to be, fixed in the short and medium term. Therefore, fluctuations in revenue and gross margins could cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margins from quarter to quarter. Uncertainty about future economic conditions also makes it difficult to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future investments. Future or continued economic weakness, failure of our customers and markets to recover from such weakness, customer financial difficulties, increases in costs of production, and reductions in spending on network maintenance and expansion could result in price concessions in certain markets or have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and consequently on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_7:
Our ability to successfully offer our products and services in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively scale and adjust our business and business models in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions.From time to time, we have increased investment in our business by, for example, increasing headcount, acquiring companies, and increasing our investment in R&amp;D, sales and marketing, and other parts of our business. Conversely, in February 2017 we initiated the 2017 Restructuring Plan to realign our workforce and increase operational efficiencies. This included workforce reductions and contract terminations. As we assessed the performance of our operating results against our long-term operating goals&#160;and evaluated potential opportunities for improvement, the 2017 Restructuring Plan was expanded and additional restructuring charges were incurred in the fourth quarter of 2017 to further align our workforce. Some of our expenses are fixed costs that cannot be rapidly or easily adjusted in response to fluctuations in our business or numbers of employees. Rapid changes in the size, alignment or organization of our workforce, including sales account coverage, could adversely affect our ability to develop and deliver products and services as planned or impair our ability to realize our current or future business and financial objectives. Our ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from our restructuring initiatives within the &#32;18Table of Contentsexpected time frame is subject to many estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions are subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. If these estimates and assumptions are incorrect, if we are unsuccessful at implementing changes, or if other unforeseen events occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
CONTENT_8:
Competition is intense in the markets that we serve. The routing and switching markets have historically been dominated by Cisco, with competition coming from other companies such as Nokia Corporation (following its acquisition of Alcatel-Lucent), Arista, HPE, and Huawei. In the security market, we face intense competition from Cisco and Palo Alto Networks, as well as companies such as Check Point, F5 Networks, and Fortinet. Further, a number of other small public and private companies have products or have announced plans for new products to address the same challenges and markets that our products address.In addition, actual or speculated consolidation among competitors, or the acquisition by, or of, our partners and/or resellers by competitors can increase the competitive pressures faced by us as customers may delay spending decisions or not purchase our products at all. For example, in recent years, Nokia Corporation merged with Alcatel-Lucent, HPE acquired Aruba Networks, Cisco acquired AppDynamics, Symantec Corporation acquired Blue Coat Systems, and Dell acquired EMC, which further consolidated our market. A number of our competitors have substantially greater resources and can offer a wider range of products and services for the overall network equipment market than we do. In addition, some of our competitors have become more integrated, including through consolidation, and offer a broader range of products and services, which could make their solutions more attractive to our customers. Many of our competitors sell networking products as bundled solutions with other IT products, such as computer and storage systems. If we are unable to compete successfully against existing and future competitors on the basis of product offerings or price, we could experience a loss in market share and revenues and/or be required to reduce prices, which could reduce our gross margins, and which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our partners and resellers generally sell or resell competing products on a non-exclusive basis and consolidation could delay spending or require us to increase discounts to compete, which could also adversely affect our business.
CONTENT_9:
A customer's decision to purchase certain of our products, particularly new products, involves a significant commitment of its resources and a lengthy evaluation and product qualification process. As a result, the sales cycle may be lengthy. In particular, customers making critical decisions regarding the design and implementation of large network deployments may engage in very lengthy procurement processes that may delay or impact expected future orders. Throughout the sales cycle, we may spend considerable time educating and providing information to prospective customers regarding the use and benefits of our products. Even after making the decision to purchase, customers may deploy our products slowly and deliberately. Timing of deployment can vary widely and depends on the skill set of the customer, the size of the network deployment, the complexity of the customer's network environment, and the degree of hardware and operating system configuration necessary to deploy the products. Customers with large networks usually expand their networks in large increments on a periodic basis. Accordingly, we may receive purchase orders for significant dollar amounts on an irregular basis. These long cycles, as well as our expectation that customers will tend to sporadically place large orders with short lead times, both of which may be exacerbated by the impact of global economic weakness, may cause revenues and operating results to vary significantly and unexpectedly from quarter-to-quarter.
CONTENT_10:
Generally, our network equipment products are stocked only in limited quantities by our distributors and resellers due to the cost, complexity and custom nature of configurations required by our customers; we generally build such products as orders are received. The volume of orders received late in any given fiscal quarter remains unpredictable. If orders for certain products are received late in any quarter, we may not be able to recognize revenue for these orders in the same period, which could adversely affect our ability to meet our expected revenues for such quarter. In addition, services revenue accounts for a significant portion of our revenue, comprising 31%, 29%, and 27%&#32;of total revenue in fiscal year 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. Sales of new or renewal professional services, support and maintenance contracts may decline and/or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including end-customers&#8217; level of satisfaction with our products and services, the prices of our products and services or those offered by our competitors, and reductions in our end-customers&#8217; &#32;19Table of Contentsspending levels. We recognize professional services, support and maintenance revenue periodically over the term of the relevant service period. The introduction of new software products and services is part of our intended strategy to expand our software business, and certain software revenues may be recognized periodically over the term of the relevant use period or subscription period. As a result, certain software, subscription and support and maintenance revenue we report each fiscal quarter is the recognition of deferred revenue from contracts entered into during previous fiscal quarters. Consequently, a decline in such new or renewed contracts in any one fiscal quarter will not be fully or immediately reflected in revenue in that fiscal quarter but will negatively affect our revenue in future fiscal quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in new or renewed sales of our software, subscriptions or support and maintenance is not reflected in full in our operating results until future periods. Also, it is difficult for us to rapidly increase such software or services revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from those software, subscription and support and maintenance contracts must be recognized over the applicable period.Additionally, we determine our operating expenses largely on the basis of anticipated revenues and technology roadmap and a high percentage of our expenses are fixed in the short and medium term. As a result, a failure or delay in generating or recognizing revenue could cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margin from quarter-to-quarter.
CONTENT_11:
The markets for our products are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions, changes in customer requirements, continuous pricing pressures and a constantly evolving industry. We may not be able to anticipate future technological shifts, market needs and opportunities or be able to develop new products, product enhancements or business strategies to meet such technological shifts, needs or opportunities in a timely manner or at all. For example, the move from traditional wide area network, or WAN, infrastructures towards software-defined WAN, or SD-WAN, has been receiving considerable attention. In our view, it will take several years to see the full impact of SD-WAN, and we believe the successful products and solutions in this market will combine hardware and software elements. If we fail to anticipate market requirements or opportunities or fail to develop and introduce new products, product enhancements or business strategies to meet those requirements or opportunities in a timely manner, it could cause us to lose customers, and such failure could substantially decrease or delay market acceptance and sales of our present and future products and services, which would significantly harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, if we invest time, energy and resources in developing products for a market that doesn't develop, it could likewise significantly harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even if we are able to anticipate, develop, and commercially introduce new products, enhancements or business strategies, there can be no assurance that new products, enhancements or business strategies will achieve widespread market acceptance.In the recent years, we have announced a number of new products and enhancements to our hardware and software products across routing, switching and security. The success of our new products depends on several factors, including, but not limited to, component costs, timely completion and introduction of these products, prompt resolution of any defects or bugs in these products, our ability to support these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors and market acceptance of these products.The introduction of new software products is part of our intended strategy to expand our software business. We have also begun to disaggregate certain software from certain hardware products, such that customers would be able to purchase or license our hardware and software products independently, which we expect could in time enable our hardware to be deployed with third party networking applications and services and our software to be used with third party hardware. The success of our strategy to expand our software business, including our strategy to disaggregate software from certain hardware products, is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including:&#8226;the additional development efforts and costs required to create new software products and/or to make our disaggregated products compatible with multiple technologies;&#8226;the possibility that our new software products or disaggregated products may not achieve widespread customer adoption;&#8226;the potential that our strategy could erode our revenue and gross margins;&#8226;the impact on our financial results of longer periods of revenue recognition and changes in tax treatment associated with software sales;&#32;20Table of Contents&#8226;the additional costs associated with regulatory compliance and changes we need to make to our distribution chain in connection with increased software sales;&#8226;the ability of our disaggregated hardware and software products to operate independently and/or to integrate with current and future third party products; and&#8226;issues with third party technologies used with our disaggregated products may be attributed to us.If any of our new products or business strategies do not gain market acceptance or meet our expectations for growth, our ability to meet future financial targets may be adversely affected and our competitive position and our business and financial results could be harmed.
CONTENT_12:
We depend on independent contract manufacturers (each of which is a third-party manufacturer for numerous companies) to manufacture our products. Although we have contracts with our contract manufacturers, these contracts do not require them to manufacture our products on a long-term basis in any specific quantity or at any specific price. In addition, it is time-consuming and costly to qualify and implement additional contract manufacturer relationships. Therefore, if we fail to effectively manage our contract manufacturer relationships, which includes failing to provide accurate forecasts of our requirements, or if one or more of them experiences delays, disruptions, or quality control problems in our manufacturing operations, or if we had to change or add additional contract manufacturers or contract manufacturing sites, our ability to ship products to our customers could be delayed. We have experienced in the past and may experience in the future an increase in the expected time required to manufacture our products or ship products. Such delays could result in supply shortfalls that damage our ability to meet customer demand for those products and could cause our customers to purchase alternative products from our competitors. Also, the addition of manufacturing locations or contract manufacturers or the introduction of new products by us would increase the complexity of our supply chain management. Moreover, an increasing portion of our manufacturing is performed in China and other foreign countries and is therefore subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States, including the possibility of import tariffs or regional conflicts. Each of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_13:

CONTENT_14:

CONTENT_15:
We rely on single or limited sources of certain of our components. During periods of high demand for electronic products, component shortages are possible, and the predictability of the availability of such components may be limited. For example, some optical transceivers and memory components used in our networking solutions might experience extended lead times and higher pricing, given the demand in the market. Any future spike in growth in our business, or more likely in IT spending and the economy in general is likely to create greater short-term pressures on us and our suppliers to accurately forecast overall component demand and to establish optimal component inventories. If shortages or delays persist, the price of these components may increase, or the components may not be available at all. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products in a timely manner, and our revenues and gross margins could suffer until other sources can be developed. In addition, we have experienced, and from time-to-time may experience, component shortages or quality issues that resulted, or could result, in delays of product shipments and/or warranty or other claims. For example, in late 2016, we became aware of a defect in a clock-signal component from a third-party supplier that affected certain of our products and which resulted in remediation costs. As a result of this issue, we recorded a product cost of revenue charge that impacted our product gross margins for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and three months ended March 31, 2017, and we may incur additional costs.  We also currently purchase numerous key components, including ASICs and other semiconductor chips, from single or limited sources and many of our component suppliers are concentrated in China and Korea. In addition, there has been consolidation among certain suppliers of our components. For example, GLOBALFOUNDRIES acquired IBM&#8217;s semiconductor manufacturing business, Avago Technologies Limited acquired Broadcom Corporation, Intel Corporation acquired Altera Corporation and Broadcom Limited is proposing to acquire Qualcomm Incorporated. Consolidation among suppliers can result in the reduction of the number of independent suppliers of components available to us, which could negatively impact our ability to access certain component parts or the prices we have to pay for such parts. In addition, our suppliers may determine not to continue a business relationship with us for other reasons that may be beyond our control. Any disruptions to our supply chain could decrease our sales, earnings and liquidity or otherwise adversely affect our business and result in increased costs. Such a disruption could occur as a result of any number of events, including, but not limited to, increases in wages that drive up prices, the imposition of regulations, quotas or embargoes on key components, labor stoppages, transportation failures affecting the supply and shipment of materials and finished goods, the unavailability of raw materials, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, civil unrest, military conflicts, geopolitical developments, war or terrorism and disruptions in utility and other services.&#32;22Table of ContentsThe development of alternate sources for key components is time-consuming, difficult, and costly. In addition, the lead times associated with certain components are lengthy and preclude rapid changes in quantities and delivery schedules. Also, long-term supply and maintenance obligations to customers increase the duration for which specific components are required, which may further increase the risk of component shortages or the cost of carrying inventory. In the event of a component shortage or supply interruption from these suppliers, we may not be able to develop alternate or second sources in a timely manner. If we are unable to buy these components in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver products and services to our customers, which would seriously affect present and future sales, which would, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.In addition, the development, licensing, or acquisition of new products in the future may increase the complexity of supply chain management. Failure to effectively manage the supply of key components and products would adversely affect our business.
CONTENT_16:
Our future success is highly dependent upon establishing and maintaining successful relationships with a variety of value-added and other reseller and distribution partners, including our worldwide strategic partners such as Ericsson, IBM, Dimension Data and NEC Corporation. The majority of our revenues are derived through value-added resellers and distributors, most of which also sell our competitors&#8217; products, and some of which sell their own competing products. Our revenues depend in part on the performance of these partners. The loss of or reduction in sales to our resellers or distributors could materially reduce our revenues. For example, in 2016, Nokia Corporation merged with Alcatel-Lucent, a competitor of ours, and in 2015 Cisco announced a partnership with Ericsson, which is one of our existing partners. Our competitors may in some cases be effective in leveraging their market share positions or in providing incentives to current or potential resellers and distributors to favor their products or to prevent or reduce sales of our products. If we fail to develop and maintain relationships with our partners, fail to develop new relationships with value-added resellers and distributors in new markets, fail to expand the number of distributors and resellers in existing markets, fail to manage, train or motivate existing value-added resellers and distributors effectively, determine that we cannot continue to do business with these partners for any reason or if these partners are not successful in their sales efforts, sales of our products may decrease, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations would suffer.In addition, we recognize a portion of our revenues based on a sell-through model using information provided by our distributors. If those distributors provide us with inaccurate or untimely information, the amount or timing of our revenues could be adversely impacted.We are also vulnerable to third parties who illegally distribute or sell counterfeit, stolen or unfit versions of our products, which has happened in the past and could happen in the future. Such sales could have a negative impact on our reputation and business. Further, in order to develop and expand our distribution channel, we must continue to offer attractive channel programs to potential partners and scale and improve our processes and procedures that support the channel. As a result, our programs, processes and procedures may become increasingly complex and inherently difficult to manage. We have previously entered into OEM agreements with partners pursuant to which they rebrand and resell our products as part of their product portfolios. These types of relationships are complex and require additional processes and procedures that may be challenging and costly to implement, maintain and manage. Our failure to successfully manage and develop our distribution channel and the programs, processes and procedures that support it could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our products. We also depend on our global channel partners to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. To the extent that they fail to do so, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
CONTENT_17:
Some of our business processes depend upon our information technology, or IT, systems, the systems and processes of third parties, and the interfaces of our systems with the systems of third parties. For example, we are in the process of further consolidating our on-site data centers to the cloud and to off-site facilities that are hosted and controlled by third-parties. These cloud providers and off-site facilities are vulnerable to damage, interruption or performance problems from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, equipment failure, adverse events caused by operator error and similar events. In addition, &#32;23Table of Contentsbecause we lease our cloud storage space and off-site data center facilities, we cannot be assured that we will be able to expand our data center infrastructure to meet user demand in a timely manner, or on favorable economic terms. If we have issues receiving and processing data, this may delay our ability to provide products and services to our customers and damage our business. We also rely upon the performance of the systems and processes of our contract manufacturers to build and ship our products. If those systems and processes experience interruption or delay, our ability to build and ship our products in a timely manner may be harmed. For example, we have experienced instances where our contract manufacturers were not able to ship products in the time periods expected by us, which prevented us from meeting our commitments to our customers. If we are not able to ship our products or if product shipments are delayed, our ability to recognize revenue in a timely manner for those products would be affected and our financial results could be harmed.
CONTENT_18:
We have made, and may continue to make, acquisitions in order to enhance our business. For example, in 2017 we acquired Cyphort Inc. and in 2016, we acquired AppFormix Inc., Aurrion, Inc. and BTI Systems Inc. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including, but not limited to, problems combining the purchased operations, technologies or products, unanticipated costs and liabilities, diversion of management's attention from our core businesses, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, risks associated with entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience, and potential loss of key employees. There can be no assurance that we will be able to integrate successfully any businesses, products, technologies, or personnel that we might acquire. The integration of businesses that we may acquire is likely to be a complex, time-consuming, and expensive process and we may not realize the anticipated revenues or other benefits associated with our acquisitions if we fail to successfully manage and operate the acquired business. If we fail in any acquisition integration efforts and are unable to efficiently operate as a combined organization utilizing common information and communication systems, operating procedures, financial controls, and human resources practices, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.In connection with certain acquisitions, we may agree to issue common stock or assume equity awards that dilute the ownership of our current stockholders, use a substantial portion of our cash resources, assume liabilities, record goodwill and amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges, incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets, and incur large and immediate write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses, all of which could harm our financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_19:
Telecommunications, cable and cloud service provider companies, which comprise a significant portion of our customer base, and other large companies, generally have greater purchasing power than smaller entities and, accordingly, often request and receive more favorable terms from suppliers. For example, our customers France Telecom-Orange and Deutsche Telekom AG have formed a company for the purpose of purchasing products from, and negotiating more favorable contractual terms with, suppliers. As we seek to sell more products to this class of customer, we may be required to agree to such terms and conditions, which may include terms that affect the timing of our ability to recognize revenue, increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Consolidation among such large customers can further increase their buying power and ability to require onerous terms.In addition, service providers have purchased products from other vendors who promised but failed to deliver certain functionality and/or had products that caused problems or outages in the networks of these customers. As a result, these customers may request additional features from us and require substantial penalties for failure to deliver such features or may require substantial penalties for any network outages that may be caused by our products. These additional requests and penalties, if we are required to agree to them, may require us to defer revenue recognition from such sales, which may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, increased patent litigation brought against customers by non-practicing entities in recent years, may result, and in some cases has resulted, in customers requesting or requiring vendors to absorb a portion of the costs of such litigation or providing broader indemnification for litigation, each of which could increase our expenses and negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.&#32;24Table of Contents
CONTENT_20:
We, and certain of our current and former officers and current and former members of our Board of Directors, have been or are subject to various lawsuits. We have been served with lawsuits related to employment matters, commercial transactions and patent infringement, as well as securities laws. As noted in Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies, in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Report, under the heading of &#8220;Legal Proceedings&#8221;, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, is conducting, and the U.S. Department of Justice, or the DOJ, was previously conducting, investigations into possible violations by the Company of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, in a number of countries. The investigations relate to certain of the Company&#8217;s marketing practices and whether the Company or any third party on behalf of the Company gave anything of value to any government official in violation of the FCPA. The Company&#8217;s Audit Committee, with the assistance of independent advisors, has been investigating and conducting a thorough review of possible violations of the FCPA, and has made recommendations for remedial measures, including employee disciplinary actions in foreign jurisdictions, which the Company has implemented and continues to implement. Litigation and investigations are inherently uncertain. We therefore cannot predict the duration, scope, outcome or consequences of litigation and government investigations. In connection with any government investigations, including those in which we are currently involved as described above, if the government takes action against us or we agree to settle the matter, we may be required to pay substantial fines and incur other sanctions, which may be material, and suffer reputational harm. The lawsuits and investigations are expensive and time-consuming to defend, settle, and/or resolve, and may require us to implement certain remedial measures that could prove costly or disruptive to our business and operations. The unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
CONTENT_21:
Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. We expect that infringement claims may increase as the number of products and competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur. Third parties have asserted and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to our products. The asserted claims and/or initiated litigation may include claims against us or our manufacturers, suppliers, partners, or customers, alleging that our products or services infringe proprietary rights. In addition, increased patent litigation brought by non-practicing entities in recent years may result, and in some cases has resulted, in our customers requesting or requiring us to absorb a portion of the costs of such litigation or providing broader indemnification for litigation, each of which could increase our expenses and negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Regardless of the merit of these claims, they have been and can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, and may require us to develop non-infringing technologies, enter into license agreements, or cease engaging in certain activities or offering certain products or services. Furthermore, because of the potential for high awards of damages or injunctive relief that are not necessarily predictable, even arguably unmeritorious claims may be settled for significant amounts of money. If any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us or anyone we are required to indemnify by any third-party is successful, if we are required to settle litigation for significant amounts of money, if we fail to develop non-infringing technology, if we incorporate infringing technology in our products or if we license required proprietary rights at material expense, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
CONTENT_22:
We are subject to laws and regulations affecting the sale of our products in a number of areas. For example, some governments have regulations prohibiting government entities from purchasing security products that do not meet specified indigenous certification criteria, even though those criteria may be in conflict with accepted international standards. Other regulations that may negatively impact our business include country of origin regulations. These types of regulations are in effect or under consideration in several jurisdictions where we do business.The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act includes disclosure requirements applicable to public companies regarding the use of &#8220;conflict minerals&#8221; mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries, which we refer to collectively as the DRC, and procedures regarding a manufacturer's efforts to prevent the sourcing of such &#8220;conflict minerals.&#8221; These minerals are present in our products. In addition, the European Union reached agreement in late 2016 on a EU-wide conflict minerals rule under which most EU importers of tin, tungsten, tantalum, gold and their ores will have to conduct due diligence to &#32;25Table of Contentsensure the minerals do not originate from conflict zones and do not fund armed conflicts. Large manufacturers also will have to disclose how they plan to monitor their sources to comply with the rules. The regulation was adopted in 2017 with compliance required by 2021.In addition, environmental laws and regulations relevant to electronic equipment manufacturing or operations, including laws and regulations governing the hazardous material content of our products and laws relating to the collection of and recycling of electrical and electronic equipment, may adversely impact our business and financial condition. These laws and regulations include, among others, the European Union, or EU, Restriction on the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive, or RoHS. The EU RoHS and the similar laws of other jurisdictions limit the content of certain hazardous materials, such as lead, mercury, and cadmium, in electronic equipment, including our products. Currently, our products comply with the EU RoHS requirements. However, certain exemptions are scheduled to lapse, or have lapsed. The lapse of any exemption, further changes to this or other laws, or passage of similar laws in the EU or other jurisdictions, would require us to cease selling non-compliant products in the EU and to reengineer our products to use components compatible with these regulations. This reengineering and component substitution could result in additional costs to us, disrupt our operations or logistics, and result in an adverse impact on our operating results. In addition, in validating the compliance of our products with applicable hazardous materials restrictions, we rely substantially on affirmations by our component suppliers as to the compliance of their products with respect to those same restrictions. Failure by our component suppliers to furnish accurate and timely information could subject us to penalties or liability for violation of such hazardous materials restrictions, interrupt our supply of products to the EU, and result in our customers refusing or being unable to purchase our products. Additionally, the EU and a number of other countries have adopted regulations requiring producers of electrical and electronic equipment to assume certain responsibilities for collecting, treating, recycling and disposing of products when they have reached the end of their useful life. Finally, the EU REACH regulations regulate the handling of certain chemical substances that may be used in our products.In addition, as a contractor and subcontractor to U.S. government departments and agencies, we are subject to Federal regulations pertaining to our IT systems. For instance, as a subcontractor to the U.S. Department of Defense, or DOD, the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) required that our IT systems comply with the security and privacy controls described in National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication 800-171, or NIST SP 800-171 no later than December 31, 2017. The DFARS also requires that we flow the security control requirement down to certain of our own subcontractors. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in a loss of Federal government business, subject us to claims or other remedies for non-compliance and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.The telecommunications industry is highly regulated, and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected by changes in regulations relating to the Internet telecommunications industry. Currently, there are few laws or regulations that apply directly to access to or commerce on IP networks, but future regulations could include sales taxes on products sold via the Internet and Internet service provider access charges. We could be adversely affected by regulation of IP networks and commerce in any country where we market equipment and services to service providers or cloud provider companies. Regulations governing the range of services and business models that can be offered by service providers or cloud provider companies could adversely affect those customers' needs for products. For instance, in December 2017, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission repealed its 2015 regulations governing aspects of fixed broadband networks and wireless networks. This change in regulatory treatment of networks might impact service provider and cloud provider business models and, as such, providers' needs for Internet telecommunications equipment and services. Also, many jurisdictions are evaluating or implementing regulations relating to cyber security, supply chain integrity, privacy and data protection, any of which can affect the market and requirements for networking and security equipment.The adoption and implementation of additional regulations could reduce demand for our products, increase the cost of building and selling our products, result in product inventory write-offs, impact our ability to ship products into affected areas and recognize revenue in a timely manner, require us to spend significant time and expense to comply, and subject us to fines and civil or criminal sanctions or claims if we were to violate or become liable under such regulations. Any of these impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.&#32;26Table of Contents
CONTENT_23:
The United States and various foreign governments have imposed controls and restrictions on the import or export of, among other things, products that contain or use encryption technology. Most of our products contain or use encryption technology and, consequently, are subject to such controls, requirements and restrictions. Certain governments also control importation and in-country use of encryption items and technology.  The scope, nature and severity of such controls vary widely across different countries and may change frequently over time. For example, China has promulgated cybersecurity regulations and published a new draft export law affecting networking products that may impair our ability to profitably market and sell our products in China. Certain countries&#8217; encryption control regimes may significantly limit our ability to sell major lines of our products in those countries.Certain governments also impose special local content, certification, testing, source code review, escrow and governmental recovery of private encryption keys, or feature requirements on network equipment for purposes of government procurements.  Similar requirements may also be imposed in procurements by state owned entities (&#8220;SOE&#8217;s&#8221;).  Our ability to sell into substantial government and SOE markets (whether or not the products we sell include encryption) is vulnerable to changes in applicable government procurement regulations, any associated local content requirements and changes in the government&#8217;s interpretation of such regulations. In addition, the U.S. government has broader sanctions and embargoes that generally forbid supply of most items to or involving certain countries, territories, governments, legal entities and individuals, including restrictions imposed by the U.S. and EU on exports to Russia and Ukraine. We have implemented systems to detect and prevent sales into these countries or to prohibited entities or individuals, but there can be no assurance that they will always be effective. Governmental regulation of encryption or IP networking technology and regulation of imports or exports, or our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our products, or related economic sanctions could harm our international and domestic sales and adversely affect our revenues and operating results. In addition, failure to comply with such regulations could result in harm to our reputation and ability to compete in international markets, penalties, costs, seizure of assets (including source code) and restrictions on import or export privileges or adversely affect sales to government agencies or government-funded projects.
CONTENT_24:
A variety of state, national, foreign, and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data. These privacy- and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, with new or modified laws and regulations proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different interpretations. Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can delay or impede the development and offering of new products and services.For example, we previously relied upon adherence to the U.S. Department of Commerce&#8217;s Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and compliance with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework, which we refer to as the Safe Harbor, agreed to by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the EU. The Safe Harbor, which established means for legitimizing the transfer of personal data by U.S. companies from the European Economic Area, or EEA, to the U.S., was invalidated in 2015 by a decision of the European Court of Justice, or the ECJ. Now that the EU and U.S. have implemented a successor privacy framework called the Privacy Shield, we are reviewing and documenting our practices required to obtain certification under the Privacy Shield, in addition to entering into EU Model Contracts with our vendors where appropriate and feasible in anticipation of the possibility that either the Privacy Shield or EU Model Contracts may be legally challenged or voided like Safe Harbor in an uncertain political environment. In addition, the EU General Data Protection Regulation, which goes into full effect in May 2018, is expected to result in substantial changes to our compliance obligations, including contractual requirements for data transfers outside the EEA, and a significant increase in potential administrative fines for non-compliance. Similarly, the June 2016 approval by voters in the United Kingdom, or U.K., of a referendum to leave the EU could require us to make additional changes to the way we conduct our business and transmit data between the U.S., U.K., EU and the rest of the world.Our actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or to protect personal data, could result in enforcement actions, significant penalties or other legal action against us or our customers or suppliers, which could result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, subject us to claims or other remedies and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.&#32;27Table of Contents
CONTENT_25:
Our future success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain the services of executive, engineering, sales and marketing, and support personnel. The supply of highly qualified individuals, in particular engineers in very specialized technical areas, or sales people with specialized industry expertise, is limited and competition for such individuals is intense. None of our officers or key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. The loss of the services of any of our key employees, the inability to attract or retain personnel in the future or delays in hiring required personnel, engineers and sales people, and the complexity and time involved in replacing or training new employees, could delay the development and introduction of new products, and negatively impact our ability to market, sell, or support our products.A number of our team members are foreign nationals who rely on visas and entry permits in order to legally work in the United States and other countries.&#160; In recent years, the United States has increased the level of scrutiny in granting H-1(B), L-1 and other business visas.&#160; In addition, the current U.S. administration has indicated that immigration reform is a priority. Compliance with United States immigration and labor laws could require us to incur additional unexpected labor costs and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain skilled professionals.&#160; Any of these restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions.
CONTENT_26:
We are required to test intangible assets with indefinite lives, including goodwill, annually or more frequently if certain circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit and intangible assets below their carrying values. As of December&#160;31, 2017, our goodwill was $3,096.2 million&#32;and intangible assets with indefinite lives was $49.0 million. When the carrying value of a reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill exceeds its implied fair value of goodwill, or if the carrying amount of an intangible asset with an indefinite life exceeds its fair value, a charge to operations is recorded. Either event would result in incremental expenses for that quarter, which would reduce any earnings or increase any loss for the period in which the impairment was determined to have occurred.In the past, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $850.0 million due to the underperformance of our Security reporting unit and product rationalizations.From time to time, economic weakness has contributed to extreme price and volume fluctuations in global stock markets that have reduced the market price of many technology company stocks, including ours. Declines in our level of revenues or declines in our operating margins, or sustained declines in our stock price, increase the risk that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives may become impaired in future periods.During the three months ended June 30, 2017, we concluded that there were sufficient indicators to require us to perform an interim goodwill impairment analysis on our Security reporting unit. Based on our analysis, we determined that our Security reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill was not impaired. However, our goodwill impairment analysis is sensitive to changes in key assumptions used in our analysis, such as expected future cash flows, the degree of volatility in equity and debt markets, and our stock price. If the assumptions used in our analysis are not realized, it is possible that an impairment charge may need to be recorded in the future. We cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. However, any such impairment would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
CONTENT_27:
Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by the following: earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated earnings in countries where we have higher statutory rates; changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; expiration of, or lapses in, the R&amp;D tax credit laws applicable to us; transfer pricing adjustments related to certain acquisitions, including the license of acquired intangibles under our intercompany R&amp;D cost sharing arrangement; costs related to intercompany restructuring; tax effects of share-based compensation; challenges to our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements; limitations on the deductibility of net interest expense; or changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, or interpretations thereof.  The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;), which was signed into law on December 22, 2017, makes significant changes to the taxation of U.S. business entities that will have a meaningful impact to our provision for income taxes. These changes include a reduction to the federal corporate income tax rate, the current taxation of certain foreign earnings, the imposition of base-erosion prevention measures which may limit the deduction of certain transfer pricing payments, and possible limitations on the deductibility of net interest expense or corporate debt obligations. Accounting for the income tax effects of the Tax Act requires significant &#32;28Table of Contentsjudgements and estimates that are based on current interpretations of the Tax Act and could be affected by changing interpretations of the Act, as well as additional legislation and guidance around the Act. Any refinements to these provisional estimates are difficult to predict and could impact our results. Furthermore, on October 5, 2015, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, an international association of 35 countries including the U.S., published final proposals under its Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, or BEPS, Action Plan. The BEPS Action Plan includes fifteen Actions to address BEPS in a comprehensive manner and represents a significant change to the international corporate tax landscape. These proposals, as adopted by countries, may increase tax uncertainty and adversely affect our provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, and other tax authorities. It is possible that tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our financial position and operating results. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, but the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment by management, and there are transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_28:
We generally rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions on disclosure of confidential and proprietary information, to establish and maintain proprietary rights in our technology and products. Although we have been issued numerous patents and other patent applications are currently pending, there can be no assurance that any of our patent applications will result in issued patents or that any of our patents or other proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented or that our rights will, in fact, provide competitive advantages to us or protect our technology, any of which could result in costly product redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product offerings and other competitive harm. In addition, despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. We generally enter into confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors, and customers, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information. However, we cannot assure you that we have entered into such agreements with all parties who may have or have had access to our confidential information or that the agreements we have entered into will not be breached. We cannot guarantee that any of the measures we have taken will prevent misappropriation of our technology.Furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. The outcome of any actions taken in these foreign countries may be different than if such actions were determined under the laws of the United States. Although we are not dependent on any individual patents or group of patents for particular segments of the business for which we compete, if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights in a market, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the substantial expense, time, and effort required to create innovative products that have enabled our success.
CONTENT_29:
We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from our international operations, and we plan to continue expanding our business in international markets. We conduct significant sales and customer support operations directly and indirectly through our distributors and VARs in countries throughout the world and depend on the operations of our contract manufacturers and suppliers that are located outside of the United States. In addition, a portion of our R&amp;D and our general and administrative operations are conducted outside the United States. In some countries, we may experience reduced intellectual property protection.As a result of our international operations, we are affected by economic, business regulatory, social, and political conditions in foreign countries, including the following:&#8226;changes in general IT spending,&#8226;the imposition of government controls, inclusive of critical infrastructure protection;&#32;29Table of Contents&#8226;changes or limitations in trade protection laws or other regulatory requirements, which may affect our ability to import or export our products from various countries; &#8226;laws that restrict sales of products developed or manufactured outside of the country;&#8226;varying and potentially conflicting laws and regulations;&#8226;fluctuations in local economies;&#8226;wage inflation or a tightening of the labor market;&#8226;tax policies that could have a business impact;&#8226;potential import tariffs imposed by the United States and the possibility of reciprocal tariffs by foreign countries;&#8226;data privacy rules and other regulations that affect cross border data flow; and&#8226;the impact of the following on customer spending patterns: political considerations, unfavorable changes in tax treaties or laws, natural disasters, epidemic disease, labor unrest, earnings expatriation restrictions, misappropriation of intellectual property, military actions, acts of terrorism, political and social unrest and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations.Any or all of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.In addition, the June 2016 approval by voters in the U.K. of a referendum to leave the EU and the U.K.&#8217;s formal initiation of the exit process in March 2017, commonly referred to as Brexit, has caused, and may continue to cause, uncertainty in the global markets. The U.K.&#8217;s exit from the EU, if implemented,&#32;will take some period of time to complete and could result in regulatory changes that impact our business. For example, changes to the way service providers conduct business and transmit data between the U.K. and the EU could require us to make changes to the way we handle customer data. We will also review the impact of any resulting changes to EU or U.K. law that could affect our operations, such as labor policies, financial planning, product manufacturing, and product distribution. Political and regulatory responses to the vote are still developing and we are in the process of assessing the impact the vote may have on our business as more information becomes available. Nevertheless, because we conduct business in the EU, including the U.K., any of the effects of Brexit, including those we cannot anticipate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.Moreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from or conflict with those in the United States or in other countries in which we operate. In many foreign countries, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. regulations applicable to us. There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, channel partners, and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and procedures, which are designed to ensure compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners, or agents could result in termination of our relationship, financial reporting problems, fines, and/or penalties for us, or prohibition on the importation or exportation of our products, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_30:
Our products are highly technical and complex, are critical to the operation of many networks, and, in the case of our security products, provide and monitor network security and may protect valuable information. Our products have contained and may contain one or more undetected errors, defects, malware, or security vulnerabilities. These errors may arise from hardware or software we produce or procure from third parties. Some errors in our products may only be discovered after a product has been installed and used by end-customers. For example, in December&#160;2015, we disclosed that we identified unauthorized code in ScreenOS that could allow a knowledgeable attacker to gain administrative access to NetScreen devices and to decrypt VPN connections.Any errors, defects, malware or security vulnerabilities discovered in our products after commercial release could result in monetary penalties, negative publicity, loss of revenues or delay in revenue recognition, loss of customers, loss of future business and &#32;30Table of Contentsreputation, penalties, and increased service and warranty cost, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, in the event an error, defect, malware, or vulnerability is attributable to a component supplied by a third-party vendor, we may not be able to recover from the vendor all of the costs of remediation that we may incur. In addition, we could face claims for product liability, tort, or breach of warranty or indemnification. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly and may divert management&#8217;s attention. If our business liability insurance coverage is inadequate, or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. Moreover, if our products fail to satisfy our customers' quality expectations for whatever reason, the perception of and the demand for our products could be adversely affected.
CONTENT_31:

CONTENT_32:

CONTENT_33:

CONTENT_34:

CONTENT_35:
We integrate licensed third-party technology into certain of our products. From time to time, we may be required to renegotiate our current third party licenses or license additional technology from third-parties to develop new products or product enhancements or to facilitate new business models. Third-party licenses may not be available or continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. The failure to comply with the terms of any license, including free open source software, may result in our inability to continue to use such license. Some of our agreements with our licensors may be terminated for convenience by them. In addition, we cannot be certain that our licensors are not infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties or that our licensors have sufficient rights to the licensed intellectual property in all jurisdictions in which we may sell our products. Third party technology we incorporate into our products that is deemed to infringe on the intellectual property of others may result, and in some cases has resulted, in limitations on our ability to source technology from those third parties, restrictions on our ability to sell products that incorporate the infringing technology, increased exposure to liability that we will be held responsible for incorporating the infringing technology in our products  and increased costs involved in removing that technology from our products or developing substitute technology. Our inability to maintain or re-license any third-party licenses required in our products or our inability to obtain third-party licenses necessary to develop new products and product enhancements, could require us, if possible, to develop substitute technology or obtain substitute technology of lower quality or performance standards or at a greater cost, any of which could delay or prevent product shipment and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_36:
Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires our management to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and to disclose in our filing if such controls were unable to provide assurance that a material error would be prevented or detected in a timely manner. We have an ongoing program to review the design of our internal controls framework in keeping with changes in business needs, implement necessary changes to our controls design and test the system and process controls necessary to comply with these requirements. If in the future, our internal controls over financial reporting are determined to be not effective resulting in a material weakness or significant deficiency, investor perceptions regarding the reliability of our financial statements may be adversely affected which could cause a decline in the market price of our stock and otherwise negatively affect our liquidity and financial condition.
CONTENT_37:
The major credit rating agencies routinely evaluate our indebtedness. This evaluation is based on a number of factors, which include financial strength as well as transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings and failure to do so could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.&#32;32Table of Contents
CONTENT_38:
As of December&#160;31, 2017, we have issued $2,150.0 million&#32;in aggregate principal amount of senior notes, which we refer to collectively as the Notes, and had $2,136.3 million&#32;in outstanding long-term debt (see discussion in Note&#160;10, Debt and Financing, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Report). In June&#160;2014, we entered into a Credit Agreement with certain institutional lenders that provides for a five year $500.0 million&#32;unsecured revolving credit facility, which we refer to as the Revolving Credit Facility, with an option to increase the Revolving Credit Facility by up to an additional $200.0 million. The Credit Agreement will terminate in June&#160;2019, at which point all amounts borrowed must be repaid. As of December&#160;31, 2017, no amounts were outstanding under the Credit Agreement.We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to enable us to satisfy our expenses, make anticipated capital expenditures or service our indebtedness, including the Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility (if drawn upon). Our ability to pay our expenses, satisfy our debt obligations, refinance our debt obligations and fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. Based upon current levels of operations, we believe cash flow from operations and available cash will be adequate for at least the next twelve months to meet our anticipated requirements for working capital, capital expenditures and scheduled payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, including the Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility (if drawn upon). However, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to borrow sufficient funds in the future to service our debt, we may be required to sell assets, reduce capital expenditures, refinance all or a portion of our existing debt (including the Notes) or obtain additional financing. There is no assurance that we will be able to refinance our debt, sell assets or borrow more money on terms acceptable to us, or at all.The indentures that govern the Notes contain various covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things:&#8226;incur liens;&#8226;incur sale and leaseback transactions; and&#8226;consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of our assets to, another person.The Credit Agreement contains two financial covenants along with customary affirmative and negative covenants that include the following:&#8226;maintenance of a leverage ratio no greater than 3.0x and an interest coverage ratio no less than 3.0x&#8226;covenants that limit or restrict the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, grant liens, merge or consolidate, dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, change their accounting or reporting policies, change their business and incur subsidiary indebtedness, in each case subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type.As a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in which we can conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. Accordingly, these restrictions may limit our ability to successfully operate our business. A failure to comply with these restrictions could lead to an event of default, which could result in an acceleration of the indebtedness. Our future operating results may not be sufficient to enable compliance with these covenants to remedy any such default. In addition, in the event of an acceleration, we may not have or be able to obtain sufficient funds to make any accelerated payments, including those under the Notes, and the Revolving Credit Facility (if drawn upon).In addition, certain changes under the Tax Act may result in limitations on the deductibility of our net business interest expenses. Beginning in 2018, the Tax Act generally limits the annual deduction for net business interest expense to an amount equal to 30% of adjusted taxable income. As a result, if our taxable income were to decline, we may not be able to fully deduct our net interest expense. These changes, among others under the Tax Act, could result in increases to our future U.S. tax expenses, which could have a material impact on our business.&#32;33Table of Contents
CONTENT_39:
Our ability to pay quarterly dividends or achieve our intended capital return policy will be subject to, among other things, our financial position and results of operations, available cash and cash flow, capital and debt service requirements, use of cash for acquisitions and other factors. Any failure to pay or increase future dividends as announced, or a reduction or discontinuation of quarterly dividends could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.We announced that, beginning in 2017, we intend to target a capital return policy, inclusive of share repurchases and dividends, of approximately 50% of annual free cash flow. Free cash flow is calculated as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures.&#160;In January 2018, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a new $2&#160;billion buyback authorization, which replaced our prior authorization. In February 2018, as a part of our new buyback authorization, we entered into a $750&#160;million accelerated share repurchase program. In addition, our Board of Directors declared an increase to our quarterly cash dividend to $0.18 per share, which reflects an increase of 80% compared to previous quarterly dividends.&#160;Any failure to meet our commitments to return capital to our stockholders could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.
CONTENT_40:

CONTENT_41:

CONTENT_42:
We self-insure against many business risks and expenses, such as intellectual property litigation and our medical benefit programs, where we believe we can adequately self-insure against the anticipated exposure and risk or where insurance is either not deemed cost-effective or is not available. We also maintain a program of insurance coverage for various types of property, casualty, and other risks. We place our insurance coverage with various carriers in numerous jurisdictions. The types and amounts of insurance that we obtain vary from time to time and from location to location, depending on availability, cost, and our decisions with respect to risk retention. The policies are subject to deductibles, policy limits, and exclusions that result in our retention of a level of risk on a self-insurance basis. In addition, our insurance coverage may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur.  Losses not covered by insurance could be substantial and unpredictable and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_43:
Historically, our common stock has experienced substantial price volatility, particularly as a result of variations between our actual financial results and the published expectations of analysts and as a result of announcements by our competitors and us. Furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business, security of our products, or significant transactions can cause changes in our stock price. In addition, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies in particular and that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. These factors, as well as general economic and political conditions and the announcement of proposed and completed acquisitions or other significant transactions, or any difficulties associated with such transactions, by us or our current or potential competitors, may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock in the future. &#32;35<div
