HEADER_1:
Factors That May Affect Future Results
HEADER_2:
Our quarterly results are unpredictable and subject to substantial fluctuations; as a result, we may fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.
HEADER_3:
We expect our gross margins and operating margins to vary over time, and the level of gross margins and operating margins we have achieved in recent years may not be sustainable.
HEADER_4:
A limited number of our customers comprise a material portion of our revenues and any changes in the way they purchase products and services from us could affect our business. In addition, there is an ongoing trend toward consolidation in the industry in which our customers and partners operate. Any decrease in revenues from our customers or partners could have an adverse effect on our net revenues and operating results.
HEADER_5:
We sell our products to customers that use those products to build networks and IP infrastructure, and if the demand for network and IP systems does not continue to grow, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
HEADER_6:
Fluctuating economic conditions make it difficult to predict revenues and gross margin for a particular period and a shortfall in revenues or increase in costs of production may harm our operating results.
HEADER_7:
Our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business through rapidly fluctuating economic and market conditions, and such actions may have an adverse effect on our financial and operating results.
HEADER_8:
We face intense competition that could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business and financial results.
HEADER_9:
The long sales and implementation cycles for our products, as well as our expectation that some customers will sporadically place large orders with short lead times, may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter.
HEADER_10:
The timing of product orders and/or our reliance on revenue from sales of software or subscriptions and professional, support and maintenance services may cause us to recognize revenue in a different period than the one in which a transaction takes place. This may make it difficult for investors to observe quarterly trends and may cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margin on a quarterly basis.
HEADER_11:
If we do not successfully anticipate technological shifts, market needs and opportunities, and develop products, product enhancements and business strategies that meet those technological shifts, needs and opportunities, or if those products are not made available or strategies are not executed in a timely manner or do not gain market acceptance, we may not be able to compete effectively and our ability to generate revenues will suffer.
HEADER_12:
We are dependent on contract manufacturers with whom we do not have long-term supply contracts, and changes to or disruptions in those relationships or manufacturing processes, expected or unexpected, may result in delays that could cause us to lose revenues and damage our customer relationships.
HEADER_13:
If we fail to accurately predict our manufacturing requirements, we could incur additional costs or experience manufacturing delays, which would harm our business.
HEADER_14:
System security risks, data protection breaches, and cyber-attacks could compromise our and our customers’ proprietary information, disrupt our internal operations and harm public perception of our products, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer and adversely affect our stock price. 
HEADER_15:
We are dependent on sole source and limited source suppliers for several key components, which makes us susceptible to shortages, quality issues or price fluctuations in our supply chain, and we may face increased challenges in supply chain management in the future.
HEADER_16:
We rely on value-added and other resellers, as well as distribution partners, to sell our products, and disruptions to, or our failure to effectively develop and manage, our distribution channel and the processes and procedures that support it could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our products.
HEADER_17:
Our ability to process orders and ship products in a timely manner is dependent in part on our business systems and performance of the systems and processes of third parties such as our contract manufacturers, suppliers, data center providers or other partners, as well as the interfaces between our systems and the systems of such third parties. If our systems, the systems and processes of those third parties, or the interfaces between them experience delays or fail, our business processes and our ability to build and ship products could be impacted, and our financial results could be harmed.
HEADER_18:
Integration of acquisitions could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and stock price and may dilute the ownership of our stockholders.
HEADER_19:
Telecommunications, cable and cloud service provider companies and our other large customers generally require onerous terms and conditions in our contracts with them. As we seek to sell more products to such customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that could have an adverse effect on our business or ability to recognize revenues.
HEADER_20:
We are a party to lawsuits, investigations, proceedings, and other disputes, which are costly to defend and, if determined adversely to us, could require us to pay fines or damages, undertake remedial measures or prevent us from taking certain actions, any or all of which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
HEADER_21:
We are a party to litigation and claims regarding intellectual property rights, resolution of which may be time-consuming and expensive, as well as require a significant amount of resources to prosecute, defend, or make our products non-infringing.
HEADER_22:
Regulation of our industry in general and the telecommunications industry in particular could harm our operating results and future prospects.
HEADER_23:
Governmental regulations and economic sanctions affecting the import or export of products generally or affecting products containing encryption capabilities could negatively affect our revenues and operating results.
HEADER_24:
Our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal data could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_25:
Our ability to develop, market, and sell products could be harmed if we are unable to retain or hire key personnel.
HEADER_26:
Our financial condition and results of operations could suffer if there is an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives.
HEADER_27:
Changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our results.
HEADER_28:
We may face difficulties enforcing our proprietary rights, which could adversely affect our ability to compete.
HEADER_29:
We are subject to risks arising from our international operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
HEADER_30:
Our products are highly technical and if they contain undetected defects, errors or malware or do not meet customer quality expectations, our business could be adversely affected, and we may be subject to additional costs or lawsuits or be required to pay damages in connection with any alleged or actual failure of our products and services.
HEADER_31:
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_32:
A portion of the transaction consideration we received from the divestiture of our Junos Pulse product portfolio is in the form of a non-contingent seller promissory note and we may not receive the amount owed to us (including accrued interest), including in the time frame contemplated, by the buyer under the note.
HEADER_33:
If we fail to adequately evolve our financial and managerial control and reporting systems and processes, our ability to manage and grow our business will be negatively affected.
HEADER_34:
If our products do not interoperate with our customers’ networks, installations will be delayed or cancelled and could harm our business.
HEADER_35:
Our products incorporate and rely upon licensed third-party technology, and if licenses of third-party technology do not continue to be available to us or are not available on terms acceptable to us, our revenues and ability to develop and introduce new products could be adversely affected.
HEADER_36:
We are required to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and publicly disclose material weaknesses in our controls. Any adverse results from such evaluation may adversely affect investor perception, and our stock price.
HEADER_37:
Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.
HEADER_38:
We may be unable to generate the cash flow to satisfy our expenses, make anticipated capital expenditures or service our debt obligations, including the Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility.
HEADER_39:
Our failure to pay quarterly dividends to our stockholders or the failure to meet our commitments to return capital to our stockholders could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.
HEADER_40:
The investment of our cash balance and our investments in government and corporate debt securities are subject to risks, which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.
HEADER_41:
Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.
HEADER_42:
Uninsured losses could harm our operating results.
HEADER_43:
Our stock price may be volatile.
