CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:
&#160;
CONTENT_4:
&#160;The connected health and fitness devices market is highly competitive, with companies offering a variety of competitive products and services. We expect competition in our market to intensify in the future as new and existing competitors introduce new or enhanced products and services that are potentially more competitive than our products and services. The connected health and fitness devices market has a multitude of participants, including specialized consumer electronics companies, such as Garmin, Jawbone, and Misfit, traditional health and fitness companies, such as adidas and Under Armour, and traditional watch companies such as Fossil and Movado. In addition, many large, broad-based consumer electronics companies either compete in our market or adjacent markets or have announced plans to do so, including Apple, Google, LG, Microsoft, and Samsung. For example, Apple sells the Apple Watch, which is a smartwatch with broad-based functionalities, including some health and fitness tracking capabilities, and Apple has sold a significant volume of its smartwatches since introduction. Moreover, smartwatches with health and fitness functionalities may displace the market for traditional connected health and fitness devices. We may also face competition from manufacturers of lower-cost devices, such as Xiaomi and its Mi Band device. In addition, we compete with a wide range of stand-alone health and fitness-related mobile apps that can be purchased or downloaded through mobile app stores. We believe many of our competitors and potential competitors have significant advantages, including longer operating histories, ability to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of products and services, larger and broader customer bases, more established relationships with a larger number of suppliers, contract manufacturers, and channel partners, greater brand recognition, ability to leverage app stores which they may operate, and greater financial, research and development, marketing, distribution, and other resources than we do. Our competitors and potential competitors may also be able to develop products or services that are equal or superior to ours, achieve greater market acceptance of their products and services, and increase sales by utilizing different distribution channels than we do. Some of our competitors may aggressively discount their products and services in order to gain market share, which could result in pricing pressures, reduced profit margins, lost market share, or a failure to grow market share for us. In addition, new products may have lower selling prices or higher costs than legacy products, which could negatively impact our gross margins and operating results. Furthermore, current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources. As a result of such acquisitions, our current or potential competitors might be able to adapt more quickly to new technologies and consumer needs, devote greater resources to the promotion or sale of their products and services, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities more readily or develop and expand their products and services more quickly than we do. If we are not able to compete effectively against our current or potential competitors, our prospects, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected.&#160;
CONTENT_5:
&#160;Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and satisfy consumer preferences in a timely manner. All of our products are subject to changing consumer preferences that cannot be predicted with certainty. Consumers may decide not to purchase our products and services as their preferences could shift rapidly to different types of connected health and fitness devices or away from these types of products and services altogether, and our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to shifts in consumer preferences. In addition, our newer products and services that have additional features or new product designs, such as the Fitbit Charge 2, Fitbit Flex 2, Fitbit Blaze, and Fitbit Alta may have higher prices than many of our earlier products and the products of some of our competitors, which may not appeal to consumers or only appeal to a smaller subset of consumers. It is also possible that competitors could introduce new products and services that negatively impact consumer preference for our connected health and fitness devices, which could result in decreased sales of our products and services and a loss in market share. Accordingly, if we fail to anticipate and satisfy consumer preferences in a timely manner, or if it is perceived that our future products and services will not satisfy consumer preferences, our business may be adversely affected.11Table of Contents&#160;
CONTENT_6:
&#160;We must continually develop and introduce new products, including trackers and accessories, and services and improve and enhance our existing products and services to maintain or increase our sales. We believe that our future growth depends on continuing to engage and expand our core user base by introducing new form factors, software services&#160;and&#160;other offerings.&#160;The success of new or enhanced products and services may depend on a number of factors including, anticipating and effectively addressing consumer preferences and demand, the success of our sales and marketing efforts, timely and successful research and development, effective forecasting and management of product demand, purchase commitments, and inventory levels, effective management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the quality of or defects in our products.&#160;The development of our products and services is complex and costly, and we typically have several products and services in development at the same time. Given the complexity, we occasionally have experienced, and could experience in the future, delays in completing the development and introduction of new and enhanced products and services. Problems in the design or quality of our products or services may also have an adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition, and operating results. Our research and development efforts may require us to incur substantial expenses to support the development of our next generation devices and other new products and services. Our research and development expenses were $320.2 million, $150.0 million, and $54.2 million, for 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. We anticipate that research and development expense will continue to increase in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue in 2017. Unanticipated problems in developing products and services could also divert substantial research and development resources, which may impair our ability to develop new products and services and enhancements of existing products and services, and could substantially increase our costs. In addition, in 2016, we began offering accessory collections in conjunction with new product introductions. If new or enhanced product and service introductions are delayed or not successful, we may not be able to achieve an acceptable return, if any, on our research and development efforts, and our business may be adversely affected.&#160;
CONTENT_7:

CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:
&#160;Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. We expect our revenue growth to slow or decline in future periods due to a number of reasons, which may include slowing demand for our products and services, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, our failure, for any reason, to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities, or the maturation of our business. In addition, we have not consistently achieved profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Due to competitive pricing pressures, new product introductions by us or our competitors, or other factors, the average selling price or gross margins of our products and services may decrease. If we are unable to offset any decreases in our average selling price or gross margins by increasing our sales volumes or by adjusting our product mix, our operating results and financial condition may be harmed.&#160;13Table of Contents&#32;From 2014 to 2016, our annual revenue grew rapidly from $745.4 million to $2.2 billion. As our revenue has increased, our annual growth rate has slowed, and our historical growth should not be considered as indicative of our future performance. Although our annual revenue in 2016 was up 17% compared to 2015, our fourth quarter 2016 revenue declined 19% on a year-over-year basis. In future periods, we could again experience a decline in revenue, or revenue could grow more slowly than we expect, which could have a material negative effect on our future operating results. Specifically, we anticipate our 2017 revenue to decline on a year-over-year basis. Lower levels of revenue and higher levels of operating expenses may result in limited profitability or losses. For example, we expect to record a substantial net loss in 2017.
CONTENT_10:
&#160;We rely on a limited number of suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers.&#160;In particular, we use contract manufacturers located in Asia, and each of our products is manufactured by a single contract manufacturer.&#160;Our reliance on a sole contract manufacturer for each of our products increases the risk that in the event of an interruption from any one of these contract manufacturers, including, without limitation, due to a natural catastrophe or labor dispute, we may not be able to develop an alternate source without incurring material additional costs and substantial delays.&#160;Accordingly, an interruption from any key supplier, contract manufacturer, or logistics provider could adversely impact our revenue, gross margins, and operating results. &#160;If we experience significantly increased demand, or if we need to replace an existing supplier, contract manufacturer, or logistics provider, we may be unable to supplement or replace such supply, contract manufacturing, or logistics capacity on terms that are acceptable to us, which may undermine our ability to deliver our products to customers in a timely manner.&#160;For example, for certain of our products, it may take a significant amount of time to on board a contract manufacturer that has the capability and resources to build the product to our specifications in sufficient volume. Identifying suitable suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers is an extensive process that requires us to become satisfied with their quality control, technical capabilities, responsiveness and service, financial stability, regulatory compliance, and labor and other ethical practices.&#160;Accordingly, a loss of any key supplier, contract manufacturer, or logistics provider could adversely impact our revenue, gross margins, and operating results.&#160;
CONTENT_11:
&#160;Some of the key components used to manufacture our products come from a limited or single source of supply. Our contract manufacturers generally purchase these components on our behalf, subject to certain approved supplier lists. We are subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times in the supply of these components and the risk that our suppliers discontinue or modify components used in our products. In addition, the lead times associated with certain components are lengthy and preclude rapid changes in quantities and delivery schedules. We have in the past experienced and may in the future experience component shortages, and the predictability of the availability of these components may be limited. While component shortages have historically been immaterial, they could be material in the future. In the event of a component shortage or supply interruption from suppliers of these components, we may not be able to develop alternate sources in a timely manner. In addition, some of our suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers may have more established relationships with our competitors, and as a result of such relationships, such suppliers may choose to limit or terminate their relationship with us. Developing alternate sources of supply for these components may be time-consuming, difficult, and costly and we may not be able to source these components on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, which may undermine our ability to meet our requirements or to fill our orders in a timely manner. Any interruption or delay in the supply of any of these parts or components, or the inability to obtain these parts or components from alternate sources at acceptable prices and within a reasonable amount of time, would harm our ability to meet our scheduled product deliveries to our customers and users. This could harm our relationships with our channel partners and users and could cause delays in shipment of our products and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, increased component costs could result in lower gross margins. If we are unable to buy these components in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver products and services to our customers and users.
CONTENT_12:
&#160;We sell complex products and services that could contain design and manufacturing defects in their materials, hardware, and firmware. These defects could include defective materials or components, or &#8220;bugs&#8221; that can unexpectedly interfere with the products&#8217; intended operations or cause injuries to users or property. For example, we recently corrected certain software errors relating to Fitbit Charge 2 through a software update. Although we extensively and rigorously test new and enhanced products and services before their release, there can be no assurance we will be able to detect, prevent, or fix all defects. For example, our 14Table of Contentsproducts may fail to provide accurate measurements and data to users under all circumstances, or there may be reports or claims of inaccurate measurements under certain circumstances. &#160;Failure to detect, prevent, or fix defects, or an increase in defects could result in a variety of consequences including a greater number of returns of products than expected from users and retailers, increases in warranty costs, regulatory proceedings, product recalls, and litigation, which could harm our revenue and operating results. For example, in 2016, we experienced an increase in actual and estimated warranty claims of $108.5 million as compared to 2015, which caused a 4% decline in gross margin in 2016 as compared to 2015. We generally provide a 45-day right of return for purchases through Fitbit.com and a 12-month warranty on all of our products, except in the European Union, where we provide a two-year warranty on all of our products. The occurrence of real or perceived quality problems or material defects in our current and future products could expose us to warranty claims in excess of our current reserves. Moreover, we may offer stock rotation rights and price protection to our distributors. If we experience greater returns from retailers or users, or greater warranty claims, in excess of our reserves, our business, revenue, gross margins, and operating results could be harmed. In addition, any negative publicity or lawsuits filed against us related to the perceived quality and safety of our products could also affect our brand and decrease demand for our products and services, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
CONTENT_13:
&#160;We have limited control over our suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers, including aspects of their specific manufacturing processes and their labor, environmental, or other practices, which subjects us to significant risks, including the following:&#160;&#8226;inability to satisfy demand for our products;&#8226;reduced control over delivery timing and product reliability;&#8226;reduced ability to oversee the manufacturing process and components used in our products;&#8226;reduced ability to monitor compliance with our product manufacturing specifications;&#8226;price increases;&#8226;difficulties in establishing additional or alternative contract manufacturing relationships if we experience difficulties with our existing contract manufacturers;&#8226;shortages of materials or components;&#8226;misappropriation of our intellectual property;&#8226;suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers may choose to limit or terminate their relationship with us;&#8226;exposure to natural catastrophes, political unrest, terrorism, labor disputes, and economic instability resulting in the disruption of trade from foreign countries in which our products are manufactured;&#8226;changes in local economic conditions in countries where our suppliers, contract manufacturers, or logistics providers are located;&#8226;the imposition of new laws and regulations, including those relating to labor conditions, quality and safety standards, imports, duties, taxes, and other charges on imports, as well as trade restrictions and restrictions on currency exchange or the transfer of funds; and&#8226;insufficient warranties and indemnities on components supplied to our contract manufacturers.If there are defects in the manufacture of our products, we may face negative publicity, government investigations, and litigation, and we may not be fully compensated by our contract manufacturers for any financial or other liability that we suffer as a result.&#160;
CONTENT_14:
Our products are used to track and display various information about users&#8217; activities, such as daily steps taken, calories burned, distance traveled, floors climbed, active minutes, sleep duration and quality, and heart rate and GPS-based information such as speed, distance, and exercise routes. We anticipate new features and functionality in the future, as well. From time to time, there have been reports and claims made against us alleging that our products do not provide accurate measurements and data to users, including claims asserting that certain features of our products do not operate as advertised. Such reports and claims have resulted in negative publicity, and, in some cases, have required us to expend time and resources to defend litigation. For example, in the first quarter of 2016, class action lawsuits were filed against us based upon claims that the PurePulse heart rate tracking technology in the Fitbit Charge HR and Fitbit Surge do not consistently and accurately record users&#8217; heart rates. If our products fail to provide accurate measurements and data to users, or if there are reports or claims of inaccurate measurements, claims of false advertisement, or claims regarding the overall health benefits of our products and services in the future, we may become the 15Table of Contentssubject of negative publicity, litigation, including class action litigation, regulatory proceedings, and warranty claims, and our brand, operating results, and business could be harmed.
CONTENT_15:
&#160;We must successfully manage introductions of new or enhanced products. Introductions of new or enhanced products, including trackers and accessories, could adversely impact the sales of our existing products to retailers and consumers. For instance, retailers often purchase less of our existing products in advance of new product launches. Furthermore, we may experience greater returns from retailers or users of existing products or retailers may be granted stock rotation rights and price protection. Moreover, consumers may decide to purchase new or enhanced products instead of existing products. We may face challenges managing the inventory of existing products, which could lead to excess inventory and discounting of our existing products. In addition, new products may have lower selling prices or higher costs than legacy products, which could negatively impact our gross margins and operating results.  We have also historically incurred higher levels of sales and marketing expenses accompanying each product introduction. Accordingly, if we fail to effectively manage introductions of new or enhanced products, our operating results could be harmed.
CONTENT_16:
&#160;We spend significant amounts on advertising and other marketing campaigns, such as television, cinema, print advertising, and social media, as well as increased promotional activities, to acquire new users and we expect our marketing expenses to increase in the future as we continue to spend significant amounts to acquire new users and increase awareness of our products and services. In 2016, advertising expenses were $316.8 million, representing approximately 15% of our revenue. While we seek to structure our advertising campaigns in the manner that we believe is most likely to encourage people to use our products and services, we may fail to identify advertising opportunities that satisfy our anticipated return on advertising spend as we scale our investments in marketing, accurately predict user acquisition, or fully understand or estimate the conditions and behaviors that drive user behavior. If for any reason any of our advertising campaigns prove less successful than anticipated in attracting new users, we may not be able to recover our advertising spend, and our rate of user acquisition may fail to meet market expectations, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business. There can be no assurance that our advertising and other marketing efforts will result in increased sales of our products and services.
CONTENT_17:
&#160;Our products and services may be considered discretionary items for consumers. Factors affecting the level of consumer spending for such discretionary items include general economic conditions, and other factors, such as consumer confidence in future economic conditions, fears of recession, the availability and cost of consumer credit, levels of unemployment, and tax rates. As global economic conditions continue to be volatile or economic uncertainty remains, including economic conditions resulting from recent volatility in European markets, trends in consumer discretionary spending also remain unpredictable and subject to reductions. Unfavorable economic conditions may lead consumers to delay or reduce purchases of our products and services and consumer demand for our products and services may not grow as we expect. Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in consumer demand for our products and services may have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
CONTENT_18:
&#160;Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. In particular, we are highly dependent on the contributions of our co-founders, James Park and Eric N. Friedman, as well as other members of our management team. The loss of any key personnel could make it more difficult to manage our operations and research and development activities, reduce our employee retention and revenue, and impair our ability to compete. Although we have generally entered into employment offer letters with our key personnel, these agreements have no specific duration and provide for at-will employment, which means they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time.&#160;Competition for highly skilled personnel is often intense, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area where we are located, and we may incur significant costs to attract them. We may not be successful in attracting, integrating, or retaining qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs. We have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. Fluctuations in the 16Table of Contentsprice of our Class&#160;A common stock may make it more difficult or costly to use equity awards to motivate, incentivize and retain our employees. If the perceived value of our equity or equity awards declines, it may adversely affect our ability to attract or retain highly skilled employees. Furthermore, there can be no assurances that the number of shares reserved for issuance under our equity incentive plans will be sufficient to grant equity awards adequate to recruit new employees and to compensate existing employees. Additionally, we have a number of current employees whose equity ownership in our company gives them a substantial amount of personal wealth. Likewise, we have a number of current employees whose equity awards are fully vested and are entitled to receive substantial amounts of our capital stock. As a result, it may be difficult for us to continue to retain and motivate these employees, and this wealth could affect their decisions about whether or not they continue to work for us. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed.
CONTENT_19:
&#160;We currently rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and unfair competition laws, as well as confidentiality agreements and procedures and licensing arrangements, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We have devoted substantial resources to the development of our proprietary technologies and related processes. In order to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, we rely in part on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements with our employees, licensees, independent contractors, commercial partners, and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. We cannot be certain that the steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to prevent infringement of such rights by others, including imitation of our products and misappropriation of our brand. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent or trademark protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications or apply for all necessary or desirable trademark applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. We have obtained and applied for U.S. and foreign trademark registrations for the &#8220;Fitbit&#8221; brand and a variety of our product names, and will continue to evaluate the registration of additional trademarks as appropriate. However, we cannot guarantee that any of our pending trademark or patent applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities. Moreover, intellectual property protection may be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries where laws or law enforcement practices may not protect our intellectual property rights as fully as in the United States, and it may be more difficult for us to successfully challenge the use of our intellectual property rights by other parties in these countries. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and our failure or inability to obtain or maintain trade secret protection or otherwise protect our proprietary rights could adversely affect our business.&#160;We are and may in the future be subject to patent infringement and trademark claims and lawsuits in various jurisdictions, and we cannot be certain that our products or activities do not violate the patents, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights of third-party claimants. Companies in the technology industry and other patent, copyright, and trademark holders seeking to profit from royalties in connection with grants of licenses own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names, and trade secrets and frequently commence litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. Companies may also be subject to criminal prosecution for trade secret theft under 18 U.S.C. section 1832. As we face increasing competition, the intellectual property rights claims against us and asserted by us have grown and will likely continue to grow. For example, we are currently involved in litigation with Jawbone and under a related federal criminal investigation concerning alleged theft of Jawbone&#8217;s trade secrets, which is described in Note 7, &#8220;Commitments and Contingencies&#8221; in the notes to our consolidated financial statements.&#160;We intend to vigorously defend and prosecute these litigation matters and, based on our review, we believe we have valid defenses and claims with respect to each of these matters. However, litigation is inherently uncertain, and any judgment or injunctive relief entered against us or any adverse settlement could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. In addition, litigation can involve significant management time and attention and can be expensive, regardless of outcome. During the course of these litigation matters, there may be announcements of the results of hearings and motions, and other interim developments related to the litigation matters. If securities analysts or investors regard these announcements as negative, the market price of our Class A common stock may decline.&#160;Further, from time to time, we have received and may continue to receive letters from third parties alleging that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. Successful infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability, prevent us from selling some of our products and services, or require us to change our branding. In addition, resolution of claims may require us to redesign our products, license rights from third parties at a significant expense, or cease using those rights altogether. We have also in the past and may in the future bring claims against third parties for infringing our intellectual property rights. Costs of supporting such litigation and disputes may be considerable, and there can be no assurances that a favorable 17Table of Contentsoutcome will be obtained. Patent infringement, trademark infringement, trade secret misappropriation, and other intellectual property claims and proceedings brought against us or brought by us, whether successful or not, could require significant attention of our management and resources and have in the past and could further result in substantial costs, harm to our brand, and have an adverse effect on our business.&#160;
CONTENT_20:
&#160;Our business is subject to significant pressure on pricing and costs caused by many factors, including intense competition, the cost of components used in our products, labor costs, constrained sourcing capacity, inflationary pressure, pressure from users to reduce the prices we charge for our products and services, warranty claims, and changes in consumer demand. Costs for the raw materials used in the manufacture of our products are affected by, among other things, energy prices, consumer demand, fluctuations in commodity prices and currency, and other factors that are generally unpredictable and beyond our control. Increases in the cost of raw materials used to manufacture our products or in the cost of labor and other costs of doing business in the United States and internationally could have an adverse effect on, among other things, the cost of our products, gross margins, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. Moreover, if we are unable to offset any decreases in our average selling price by increasing our sales volumes or by adjusting our product mix, our operating results and financial condition may be harmed. A substantial portion of our expenses are personnel related and include salaries, stock-based compensation and benefits, which are not seasonal in nature. Accordingly, in the event of revenue shortfalls, we are generally unable to mitigate a negative impact on operating margins in the short term. To the extent such revenue shortfalls recur in future periods, our operating results would be harmed. &#160;
CONTENT_21:
&#160;Our revenue and operating results are affected by general seasonal spending trends associated with holidays. For example, our fourth quarter has typically been our strongest quarter in terms of revenue and operating income, reflecting our historical strength in sales during the holiday season. We generated approximately 26%, 38%, and 50% of our full year revenue during the fourth quarters of 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. Accordingly, any shortfall in expected fourth quarter revenue would adversely affect our annual operating results, as was the case in the fourth quarter of 2016. In addition, if we fail to accurately forecast customer demand for the holiday season, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of products available for sale.Furthermore, our rapid growth in recent years may obscure the extent to which seasonality trends have affected our business and may continue to affect our business. Accordingly, yearly or quarterly comparisons of our operating results may not be useful and our results in any particular period will not necessarily be indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. Seasonality in our business can also be impacted by introductions of new or enhanced products and services, including the costs associated with such introductions.&#160;
CONTENT_22:
&#160;We depend on our information technology systems, as well as those of third parties, to develop new products and services, operate our website, host and manage our services, store data, process transactions, respond to user inquiries, and manage inventory and our supply chain. Any material disruption or slowdown of our systems or those of third parties whom we depend upon, including a disruption or slowdown caused by our failure to successfully manage significant increases in user volume or successfully upgrade our or their systems, system failures, or other causes, could cause outages or delays in our services, which could harm our brand and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, such disruption could cause information, including data related to orders, to be lost or delayed which could&#8212;especially if the disruption or slowdown occurred during the holiday season&#8212;result in delays in the delivery of products to stores and users or lost sales, which could reduce demand for our merchandise, harm our brand and reputation, and cause our revenue to decline. Problems with our third-party data center service providers, the telecommunications network providers with whom they contract, or with the systems by which telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their users could adversely affect the experience of our users. Our third-party data center service providers could decide to close their facilities or cease providing us services without adequate notice. Any changes in third-party service levels at our data centers or any errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems with our platform could harm our brand and may damage the data of our users. If changes in technology cause our information systems, or those of third parties whom we depend upon, to become obsolete, or if our or their information systems are inadequate to handle our growth, we could lose users and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.&#160;18Table of Contents
CONTENT_23:
&#160;We collect, store, process, and use personal information and other user data, and we rely on third parties that are not directly under our control to do so as well. Our users&#8217; health and fitness-related data and other highly personal information may include, among other information, names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, payment account information, height, weight, and information such as heart rates, sleeping patterns, GPS-based location, and activity patterns. Due to the volume and sensitivity of the personal information and data we manage and the nature of our products, the security features of our platform and information systems are critical. If our security measures, some of which we manage using third-party solutions, are breached or fail, unauthorized persons may be able to obtain access to or acquire sensitive user data. Furthermore, if third-party service providers that host user data on our behalf experience security breaches or violate applicable laws, agreements, or our policies, such events may also put our users&#8217; information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. Additionally, if we or any third-party, including third-party applications, with which our users choose to share their Fitbit data were to experience a breach of systems compromising our users&#8217; sensitive data, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected, use of our products and services could decrease, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation, and regulatory proceedings. Depending on the nature of the information compromised, in the event of a data breach or other unauthorized access to or acquisition of our user data, we may also have obligations to notify users about the incident and we may need to provide some form of remedy, such as a subscription to a credit monitoring service, for the individuals affected by the incident. A&#160;growing number of legislative and regulatory bodies have adopted consumer notification requirements in the event of unauthorized access to or acquisition of certain types of personal data. Such breach notification laws continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. Complying with these obligations could cause us to incur substantial costs and could increase negative publicity surrounding any incident that compromises user data. Our users may also inadvertently disclose or lose control of their passwords, creating the perception that our systems are not secure against third-party access. While we maintain insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions and a significant self-insured retention, is designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the event we experience a security breach.&#160;
CONTENT_24:
&#160;The threats to network and data security are increasingly diverse and sophisticated. Despite our efforts and processes to prevent breaches, our devices, as well as our servers, computer systems, and those of third parties that we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber-attacks such as viruses and worms, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, employee theft or misuse, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our servers and computer systems or those of third parties that we use in our operations, which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical data, unauthorized access to user data, and loss of consumer confidence. In addition, we may be the target of email scams that attempt to acquire sensitive information or company assets. Despite our efforts to create security barriers to such threats, we may not be able to entirely mitigate these risks. Any cyber-attack that attempts to obtain our or our users&#8217; data and assets, disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition, be expensive to remedy, and damage our reputation. In addition, any such breaches may result in negative publicity, adversely affect our brand, decrease demand for our products and services, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
CONTENT_25:
&#160;Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value of the &#8220;Fitbit&#8221; brand. The &#8220;Fitbit&#8221; name is integral to our business as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts, our ability to provide consistent, high quality products and services, and our ability to successfully secure, maintain, and defend our rights to use the &#8220;Fitbit&#8221; mark and other trademarks important to our brand. Our brand could be harmed if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or brand were to be tarnished by negative publicity. For example, there has been media coverage of some of the users of our products reporting skin irritation, as well as personal injury lawsuits filed against us relating to the Fitbit Zip, Fitbit One, Fitbit Flex, Fitbit Charge, Fitbit Charge&#160;HR, and Fitbit Surge products. We also believe that our reputation and brand may be harmed if we fail to maintain a consistently high level of customer service. In addition, we believe the popularity of the &#8220;Fitbit&#8221; brand makes it a target for counterfeiting or imitation, with third parties attempting to sell counterfeit products that attempt to replicate our products. &#160;In addition, our products may be diverted from our authorized retailers and distributors and sold on the &#8220;gray market.&#8221; Gray market products result in shadow inventory that is not visible to us, thus making it difficult to forecast demand accurately. Also, when gray market products enter the market, we and our channel partners compete with often heavily discounted gray market 19Table of Contentsproducts, which adversely affects demand for our products and negatively impacts our margins. In addition, our inability to control gray market activities could result in user satisfaction issues, which may have a negative impact on our brand. When products are purchased outside our authorized retailers and distributors, there is a risk that our customers are buying substandard products, including products that may have been altered, mishandled, or damaged, or used products represented as new.&#32;Any occurrence of counterfeiting, imitation, or confusion with our brand could adversely affect our reputation, place negative pricing pressure on our products, reduce sales of our products, and impair the value of our brand. Maintaining, protecting, and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments, and these investments may not be successful. If we fail to successfully maintain, promote, and position our brand and protect our reputation or if we incur significant expenses in this effort, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.
CONTENT_26:
&#160;The market for connected health and fitness devices is relatively new and unproven, and it is uncertain whether connected health and fitness devices will sustain high levels of demand and wide market acceptance. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of people to widely adopt these products and services. In part, adoption of our products and services will depend on the increasing prevalence of connected health and fitness devices as well as new entrants to the connected health and fitness device market to raise the profile of both the market as a whole and our own platform. Our connected health and fitness devices have largely been used to measure and track activities such as walking, running, and sleeping. However, they have not been as widely adopted for other sports, exercise, and activities such as cycling, skiing, and swimming for which other niche products are more often used. Furthermore, some individuals may be reluctant or unwilling to use connected health and fitness devices because they have concerns regarding the risks associated with data privacy and security. If the wider public does not perceive the benefits of our connected health and fitness devices or chooses not to adopt them as a result of concerns regarding privacy or data security or for other reasons, then the market for these products and services may not further develop, it may develop more slowly than we expect, or it may not achieve the growth potential we expect it to, any of which would adversely affect our operating results. The development and growth of this relatively new market may also prove to be a short-term trend.&#160;
CONTENT_27:
&#160;We primarily sell our products through retailers and distributors and depend on these third-parties to sell and market our products to consumers. Any changes to our current mix of retailers and distributors could adversely affect our gross margin and could negatively affect both our brand image and our reputation. Our sales depend, in part, on retailers adequately displaying our products, including providing attractive space and POP displays in their stores, and training their sales personnel to sell our products. If our retailers and distributors are not successful in selling our products or overestimate demand for our products, our revenue would decrease and we could experience lower gross margins due to product returns or price protection claims. Our retailers also often offer products and services of our competitors in their stores. Furthermore, our business could be adversely affected if any of our large retailers were to experience financial difficulties or store closures, or change the focus of their businesses in a way that deemphasized the sale of our products. In addition, our success in expanding and entering into new markets internationally will depend on our ability to establish relationships with new retailers and distributors. We also sell and will need to continue to expand our sales through online retailers, such as Amazon.com, as consumers increasingly make purchases online. If we do not maintain our relationship with existing retailers and distributors or develop relationships with new retailers and distributors our ability to sell our products and services could be adversely affected and our business may be harmed.&#160;In 2016, our five largest retailers and distributors accounted for approximately 53% of our revenue. Of these retailers and distributors, Wynit Distribution, Amazon.com, and Best Buy accounted for approximately 14%, 14%, and 10% of our revenue for 2016, respectively. Accordingly, the loss of a small number of our large retailers and distributors, or the reduction in business with one or more of these retailers and distributors, could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results. While we have agreements with these large retailers and distributors, these agreements do not require them to purchase any meaningful amount of our products.
CONTENT_28:
&#160;The electronics retail and sporting goods markets in some countries are dominated by a few large retailers with many stores. These retailers have in the past increased their market share and may continue to do so in the future by expanding through acquisitions and construction of additional stores. These situations concentrate our credit risk with a relatively small number of retailers, and, if any of these retailers were to experience a shortage of liquidity, it would increase the risk that their outstanding payables to us 20Table of Contentsmay not be paid. In addition, increasing market share concentration among one or a few retailers in a particular country or region increases the risk that if any one of them substantially reduces their purchases of our connected health and fitness devices, we may be unable to find a sufficient number of other retail outlets for our products to sustain the same level of sales. Any reduction in sales by our retailers would adversely affect our revenue, operating results, and financial condition.&#160;The insolvency, credit problems, or other financial difficulties confronting our retailers and distributors could expose us to financial risk.&#160;Some of our retailers and distributors have experienced and may continue to experience financial difficulties.
CONTENT_29:
&#160;Some of our retailers and distributors have experienced and may continue to experience financial difficulties. The insolvency, credit problems, or other financial difficulties confronting our retailers and distributors could expose us to financial risk. In addition, if the credit capacity of any retailers or distributors and accounts receivable balances increase, we may be subject to additional financial risk. Financial difficulties of our retailers and distributors could impede their effectiveness and also expose us to risks if they are unable to pay for the products they purchase from us. The difficulties of retailers and distributors may also lead to price cuts of our products and adverse effects on our brand and operating results. Any reduction in sales by our current retailers or distributors, loss of large resellers or distributors, or decrease in revenue from our retailers or distributors could adversely affect our revenue, operating results, and financial condition.&#160;
CONTENT_30:
&#160;We were founded in 2007 and have expanded our operations rapidly since our inception. Our employee headcount and the scope and complexity of our business have increased significantly, with the number of employees increasing from 469 as of December 31, 2014 to 1,101 as of December 31, 2015 to 1,753 as of December 31, 2016. In January 2017, we announced a reorganization, including a reduction in force, that impacted 107 employees, or 6% of our global workforce. Despite this reorganization, we have experienced rapid growth in recent periods and headcount is expected to grow in 2017. If our operations continue to grow, we may experience difficulties in obtaining components for our products in quantities sufficient to meet market demand, as well as delays in production and shipments, as our products are subject to risks associated with third-party sourcing and manufacturing. We could be required to continue to expand our sales and marketing, product development, and distribution functions, to upgrade our management information systems and other processes and technology, and to obtain more space for our expanding workforce. This expansion could increase the strain on our resources, and we could experience serious operating difficulties, including difficulties in hiring, training, and managing an increasing number of employees. If we do not adapt to meet these evolving challenges, and if the current and future members of our management team do not effectively scale with our growth, we may experience erosion to our brand, the quality of our products and services may suffer, and our corporate culture may be harmed.&#160;Because we have only a limited history operating our business at its current scale, it is difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our limited operating experience at this scale, combined with the rapidly evolving nature of the market in which we sell our products and services, substantial uncertainty concerning how these markets may develop, and other economic factors beyond our control, reduces our ability to accurately forecast quarterly or annual revenue. As such, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer operating history or operated in a more developed and predictable market. Failure to manage our future growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.&#160;
CONTENT_31:
&#160;Our active user metric tracks the number of users who have an active Fitbit Premium or FitStar subscription, who paired a tracker or Aria scale to a Fitbit account, or who logged at least 100 steps or took a weight measurement within three months of the measurement date. Our registered device user metric tracks the number of users who have historically either paid for a Fitbit Premium or FitStar subscription or paired a tracker or Aria scale to a Fitbit account. The user is counted only once on the first day of becoming a registered device user, and the registered device users as of any certain date presents cumulative registered device users to date.&#160;The active user metric and registered device user metric do not provide information regarding the individual users that no longer pay us, or how frequently users engage with our platform or pay us. These metrics also do not take into account the extent to which inactive users are offset by new active users or how long a user remains active or continues to pay us. Given the recent 21Table of Contentsrapid growth of the number of users on our platform, it may be difficult to discern whether the growth in active users is the result of retaining existing users or adding new users onto our platform. The active user metric and registered device user metric only represent the potential size or growth of our user community and are not necessarily indicators of the actual size and growth of our user community. Therefore, you should not rely on our active user metric or our registered device user metric as indicators of the level of retention of individual users in the future, continual user engagement or future payments by users, nor the potential size and growth of our user community as an indicator for other revenue opportunities, such as subscription-based premium services and our corporate wellness offerings. See the sections titled, &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8212;Key Business Metrics&#8212;Active Users,&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8212;Key Business Metrics&#8212;Registered Device Users&#8221; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.&#160;
CONTENT_32:
&#160;We are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad regarding privacy, data protection, and data security. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws.&#160;In particular, there are numerous U.S. federal, state, and local laws and regulations and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy and the collection, sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data. Such laws and regulations often have changes in scope, may be subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations, and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy, data security, and data protection. However, given that the scope, interpretation, and application of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be conflicting, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by us or third-party service-providers to comply with our privacy or security policies or privacy-related legal obligations, or the failure or perceived failure by third-party apps with which our users choose to share their Fitbit data to comply with their privacy policies or privacy-related legal obligations as they relate to the Fitbit data shared with them, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, or negative publicity, and could have an adverse effect on our brand and operating results.&#160;Beginning on August 1, 2016, U.S. companies could self-certify to the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, or Privacy Shield, which is a new framework developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission to address transatlantic data flows. As of November 3, 2016, our self-certification was approved by the U.S. Department of Commerce and our certification is available on the Privacy Shield website. This Privacy Shield Framework supersedes the U.S.-E.U. Safe Harbor Framework as developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce, which has historically provided a method for U.S. companies to transfer personal data from citizens of E.U. member countries to the United States in a way that is consistent with the E.U. Data Protection Directive. If we fail to meet the principles under Privacy Shield, or if any of these Frameworks are later invalidated by the European courts or otherwise become defunct, national data protection authorities in the European Union or the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, could bring enforcement actions seeking to prohibit or suspend our data transfers to the United States, or against us for being misleading or deceptive, and we could also face additional legal liability, fines, negative publicity, and resulting loss of business.&#160;Certain health-related laws and regulations such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, may have an impact on our business. For example, in September 2015 we announced that we intend to offer HIPAA compliant capabilities to certain customers of our corporate wellness offerings who are &#8220;covered entities&#8221; under HIPAA, which may include our execution of Business Associate Agreements with such covered entities. In addition, changes in applicable laws and regulations may result in the user data we collect being deemed protected health information, or PHI, under HIPAA and HITECH. If we are unable to comply with the applicable privacy and security requirements under HIPAA and HITECH, or we fail to comply with Business Associate Agreements that we enter into with covered entities, we could be subject to claims, legal liabilities, penalties, fines, and negative publicity, which could harm our operating results.&#160;Governments are continuing to focus on privacy and data security and it is possible that new privacy or data security laws will be passed or existing laws will be amended in a way that is material to our business. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding our users&#8217; data could require us to modify our services and features, possibly in 22Table of Contentsa material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new products, services, and features. Although we have made efforts to design our policies, procedures, and systems to comply with the current requirements of applicable state, federal, and foreign laws, changes to applicable laws and regulations in this area could subject us to additional regulation and oversight, any of which could significantly increase our operating costs.&#160;
CONTENT_33:
We are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including laws and regulations regarding consumer protection, advertising, privacy, intellectual property, manufacturing, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions.  The labeling, distribution, importation, marketing, and sale of our products are subject to extensive regulation by various U.S. state and federal and foreign agencies, including the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, or CPSC, FTC, Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, Federal Communications Commission, and state attorneys general, as well as by various other federal, state, provincial, local, and international regulatory authorities in the countries in which our products and services are distributed or sold. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, we could become subject to enforcement actions or the imposition of significant monetary fines, other penalties, or claims, which could harm our operating results or our ability to conduct our business.&#160;The global nature of our business operations also create various domestic and foreign regulatory challenges and subject us to laws and regulations such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions, and our products are also subject to U.S. export controls, including the U.S. Department of Commerce&#8217;s Export Administration Regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations established by the Treasury Department&#8217;s Office of Foreign Assets Controls. If we become liable under these laws or regulations, we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain products or services, which would negatively affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits, regulatory proceedings, and legislative proposals could harm our brand or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Any costs incurred as a result of compliance or other liabilities under these laws or regulations could harm our business and operating results.&#160;
CONTENT_34:
&#160;We have entered into many international markets in a relatively short time and may enter into additional markets in the future. Outside of the United States, we currently have operations in Australia and a number of countries in Asia and Europe. There are significant costs and risks inherent in conducting business in international markets, including:&#8226;establishing and maintaining effective controls at foreign locations and the associated increased costs;&#8226;adapting our technologies, products, and services to non-U.S. consumers&#8217; preferences and customs;&#8226;variations in margins by geography;&#8226;increased competition from local providers of similar products;&#8226;longer sales or collection cycles in some countries;&#8226;compliance with foreign laws and regulations;&#8226;compliance with the laws of numerous taxing jurisdictions where we conduct business, potential double taxation of our international earnings, and potentially adverse tax consequences due to U.S. and foreign tax laws as they relate to our international operations;&#8226;compliance with anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act, by us, our employees, and our business partners;&#8226;complexity and other risks associated with current and future foreign legal requirements, including legal requirements related to consumer protection, consumer product safety, and data privacy frameworks, such as the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation, and applicable privacy and data protection laws in foreign jurisdictions where we currently conduct business or intend to conduct business in the future;&#8226;currency exchange rate fluctuations and related effects on our operating results;&#8226;economic and political instability in some countries, particularly those in China where we have expanded;&#8226;the uncertainty of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries and practical difficulties of enforcing rights abroad; &#8226;tariffs and customs duties and the classification of our products by applicable governmental bodies; and&#8226;other costs of doing business internationally.23Table of ContentsOur products are manufactured overseas and imported into the United States, the European Union, and other countries and may be subject to&#160;duties, tariffs and anti-dumping penalties&#160;imposed by applicable customs authorities. Those duties and tariffs are based on the classification of each of our products and is routinely subject to review by the applicable customs authorities. We are unable to predict whether those authorities will agree with our classifications and if those authorities do not agree with our classifications additional duties, tariffs or other trade restrictions may be imposed on the importation of our products. Such actions could result in increases in the cost of our products generally and might adversely affect our sales and profitability.These factors and other factors could harm our international operations and, consequently, materially impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. Further, we may incur significant operating expenses as a result of our international expansion, and it may not be successful. We have limited experience with regulatory environments and market practices internationally, and we may not be able to penetrate or successfully operate in new markets. We may also encounter difficulty expanding into new international markets because of limited brand recognition in certain parts of the world, leading to delayed acceptance of our products and services by users in these new international markets. If we are unable to continue to expand internationally and manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
CONTENT_35:
&#160;To date, substantially all of our revenue has been derived from sales of our connected health and fitness devices, and we expect to continue to derive the substantial majority of our revenue from sales of these devices for the foreseeable future. In each of 2015 and 2016, we derived less than 1% of our revenue from sales of our subscription-based premium services. However, in the future we expect to increase sales of subscriptions to these services. Our inability to successfully sell and market our premium services could deprive us of a potentially significant source of revenue in the future. In addition, sales of our premium services may lead to additional sales of our connected health and fitness devices and user engagement with our platform. As a result, our future growth and financial performance may depend, in part, on our ability to sell more subscriptions to our premium services.
CONTENT_36:
We are regularly subject to claims, lawsuits, including potential class actions, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, accessibility claims, securities, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters. The number and significance of these disputes and inquiries have increased as our company has grown larger, our business has expanded in scope and geographic reach, and our products and services have increased in complexity.The outcome and impact of such claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such investigations and proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that is subject to judgment calls. It is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments, fines or penalties or to settle claims or proceedings, any of which could harm our business. These proceedings could also result in reputational harm, criminal sanctions, or orders preventing us from offering certain products, or services, or requiring a change in our business practices in costly ways, or requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. Any of these consequences could harm our business.
CONTENT_37:
&#160;Our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. dollar denominated sales and operating expenses worldwide. Weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, and generally leads us to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for our products. In some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, we may decide not to raise local prices to fully offset the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, or at all, which would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated sales and earnings. Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, while generally beneficial to our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, could cause us to reduce international pricing, incur losses on our foreign currency derivative instruments, and incur increased operating expenses, thereby limiting any benefit. Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies may also increase our cost of product components denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins.&#160;24Table of ContentsWe use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. In addition, our counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreements. We seek to mitigate this risk by limiting counterparties to major financial institutions and by spreading the risk across several major financial institutions.
CONTENT_38:
&#160;Recent or future changes to the U.S. and other foreign tax laws could impact the tax treatment of our foreign earnings. We generally conduct our international operations through wholly-owned subsidiaries, branches, or representative offices and report our taxable income in various jurisdictions worldwide based upon our business operations in those jurisdictions. Our income tax obligations are based on our corporate operating structure, including the manner in which we develop, value, and use our intellectual property, scope of our international operations, and intercompany arrangements with and amongst the subsidiaries within the company group. Our direct and indirect subsidiaries are subject to complex transfer pricing tax regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may adversely impact various aspects of the existing framework under which our tax obligations are determined in various countries in which we operate. Any changes in the tax laws applicable to our international business activities, including the laws of the U.S. and other jurisdictions, may increase our worldwide effective tax rate, and may adversely affect our financial position, and operating results.&#160;In addition, our effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, or by changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws, regulations, principles, and interpretations, or by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. As we operate in numerous taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws can be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions.&#160;We are subject to review and audit by U.S. and other tax authorities. If any tax authority disagrees with any position we have taken, our tax liabilities and operating results may be adversely affected.&#160;
CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:

CONTENT_41:

CONTENT_42:

CONTENT_43:
&#160;We face product liability, product safety and product compliance risks relating to the sale, use and performance of our products. The products we sell must be designed and manufactured to be safe for their intended purposes. Certain of our products must comply with certain federal and state laws and regulations. For example, some of our products are subject to the Consumer Product Safety Act and the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act, which empower the CPSC. The&#160;CPSC&#160;is empowered to take action against hazards presented by consumer products, up to and including product recalls. We are required to report certain incidents related to the safety and compliance of our products to the&#160;CPSC, and failure to do so could result in a civil penalty. Our products may, from time to time, be subject to recall for product safety and compliance reasons. For example, in March 2014, we recalled one of our products, the Fitbit Force, after some of our users experienced allergic reactions to adhesives in the 26Table of Contentswristband. These reactions included skin irritation, rashes, and blistering. The recall had a negative impact on our operating results, primarily in our fourth quarter of 2013, the first quarter of 2014, and the fourth quarter of 2015.  We have provided and are continuing to provide full refunds to consumers who return the Fitbit Force. If returns of the Fitbit Force or other costs related to the recall are higher than anticipated, we will be required to increase our reserves related to the recall which would negatively impact our operating results in the future.&#160;The recall is being conducted in conjunction with the CPSC, which has been monitoring recall effectiveness and compliance. In addition to the financial impacts discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, this recall requires us to collect a significant amount of information for the CPSC, which takes significant time and internal and external resources.&#160;A large number of lawsuits, including multi-jurisdiction complex federal and state class action and personal injury claims, were filed against us relating to the Fitbit Force. These litigation matters have required significant attention of our management and resources and disrupted the ordinary course of our business operations. We have settled all of the class action lawsuits, and a number of personal injury claims.&#160;In the fourth quarter of 2015, we received proceeds from the insurance policies that apply to these claims and related legal fees, and we recorded an accrual for liabilities arising under these claims that was immaterial and falls within the amount of the insurance proceeds received.&#160;In addition, the CPSC previously conducted an investigation into several of our products. Although the CPSC did not find a substantial product hazard, there can be no assurances that investigations will not be conducted or that product hazards or other defects will not be found in the future with respect to our products. The Fitbit Force product recall, regulatory proceedings, and litigation have had and may continue to have, and any future recalls, regulatory proceedings, and litigation could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results, and brand. Furthermore, because of the global nature of our product sales, in the event we experience defects with respect to products sold outside the United States, we could become subject to recalls, regulatory proceedings, and litigation by foreign governmental agencies and private litigants, which could significantly increase the costs of managing any product issues. Any ongoing and future regulatory proceedings or litigation, regardless of their merits, could further divert management&#8217;s attention from our operations and result in substantial legal fees and other costs.
CONTENT_44:
&#160;The Aria scale is regulated as a medical device by the FDA and corresponding state regulatory agencies, and we may have future products that are regulated as medical devices by the FDA.&#160;The medical device industry in the United States is regulated by governmental authorities, principally the FDA and corresponding state regulatory agencies. Before we can market or sell a new regulated product or make a significant modification to an existing medical device in the United States, we must obtain regulatory clearance or approval from the FDA, unless an exemption from pre-market review applies. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to market a medical device can be costly and time consuming, and we may not be able to obtain these clearances or approvals on a timely basis, or at all, for future products.&#160;Any delay in, or failure to receive or maintain, clearance or approval for any medical device products under development could prevent us from generating revenue from these products. Medical devices, including the Aria scale, are also subject to numerous ongoing compliance requirements under the regulations of the FDA and corresponding state regulatory agencies, which can be costly and time consuming. For example, under FDA regulations medical device manufacturers are required to, among other things, (i) establish a quality system to help ensure that their products consistently meet applicable requirements and specifications, (ii) establish and maintain procedures for receiving, reviewing, and evaluating complaints, (iii) establish and maintain a corrective and preventive action procedure, (iv) report certain device-related adverse events and product problems to the FDA, and (v) report to the FDA the removal or correction of a distributed product. If we experience any product problems requiring reporting to the FDA or if we otherwise fail to comply with applicable FDA regulations or the regulations of corresponding state regulatory agencies, with respect to the Aria scale or future regulated products, we could jeopardize our ability to sell our products and could be subject to enforcement actions such as fines, civil penalties, injunctions, recalls of products, delays in the introduction of products into the market, and refusal of the FDA or other regulators to grant future clearances or approvals, which could harm our reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition.&#160;
CONTENT_45:
&#160;We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and place strain on our personnel, systems, and resources.&#160;27Table of ContentsThe Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to make a formal assessment and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which must be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm. In order to maintain the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, resources, including accounting-related costs and management oversight.&#160;Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to maintain or develop effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class&#160;A common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the New York Stock Exchange.&#160;
CONTENT_46:
&#160;Most members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly-traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. We are subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These obligations and constituents require significant attention from our senior management and divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.&#160;
CONTENT_47:
&#160;Our business is vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins, and similar events. The third-party systems and operations and contract manufacturers we rely on, such as the data centers we lease, are subject to similar risks. For example, a significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire, or flood, could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. Our corporate offices and one of our data center facilities are located in California, a state that frequently experiences earthquakes. In addition, the facilities at which our contract manufacturers manufacture our products are located in parts of Asia that frequently endure typhoons and earthquakes. Acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that have higher population density than rural areas, could also cause disruptions in our or our suppliers&#8217;, contract manufacturers&#8217;, and logistics providers&#8217; businesses or the economy as a whole. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in some circumstances, such as natural disasters affecting California or other locations where we have data centers or store significant inventory of our products. As we rely heavily on our data center facilities, computer and communications systems, and the Internet to conduct our business and provide high-quality customer service, these disruptions could negatively impact our ability to run our business and either directly or indirectly disrupt suppliers&#8217; businesses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.&#160;
CONTENT_48:
&#160;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, inventories, product warranty reserves, business combinations, accounting for income taxes, and stock-based compensation expense. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the price of our Class&#160;A common stock.28Table of Contents
CONTENT_49:
&#160;In December 2015, we amended and restated our existing revolving credit facility and revolving credit and guarantee agreement into one senior credit facility. Our credit agreement restricts our ability to, among other things:&#160;&#8226;use our accounts receivable, inventory, trademarks, and most of our other assets as security in other borrowings or transactions;&#8226;incur additional indebtedness;&#8226;sell certain assets;&#8226;guarantee certain obligations of third parties;&#8226;declare dividends or make certain distributions; and&#8226;undergo a merger or consolidation or other transactions.Our credit agreement also prohibits us from exceeding a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and requires us to maintain a minimum liquidity reserve. Our ability to comply with these and other covenants is dependent upon a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control.&#160;Our failure to comply with the covenants or payment requirements, or the occurrence of other events specified in our credit agreement, could result in an event of default under the credit agreement, which would give our lenders the right to terminate their commitments to provide additional loans under the credit agreement and to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. In addition, we have granted our lenders first-priority liens against all of our assets, excluding our intellectual property, as collateral. Failure to comply with the covenants or other restrictions in the credit agreement could result in a default. If the debt under our credit agreement was to be accelerated, we may not have sufficient cash on hand or be able to sell sufficient collateral to repay it, which would have an immediate adverse effect on our business and operating results. This could potentially cause us to cease operations and result in a complete loss of your investment in our Class&#160;A common stock. Based on our forecasts, we may fail to meet certain of our financial covenants under our Senior Facility during 2017.&#160;We currently do not have any borrowings outstanding under the Senior Facility and have $38.0 million in letters of credit issued under the line.&#160; We believe that should we fail to meet any of the financial covenants under the line of credit, we would be able to negotiate revised terms or fund outstanding letters of credit with available cash balances.  However, if we are unable to do so we may default under our credit agreement.
CONTENT_50:
&#160;Credit ratings and pricing of our investments can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, economic risk, political risk, sovereign risk, changes in interest rates, or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities may fluctuate substantially. Therefore, although we have not realized any significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, future fluctuations in their value could result in a significant realized loss, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.&#160;
CONTENT_51:

CONTENT_52:

CONTENT_53:

CONTENT_54:

CONTENT_55:

CONTENT_56:

CONTENT_57:

CONTENT_58:

