HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
An investment in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks and uncertainties. If any of these risks actually occurs, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. Our business, operating results, financial performance, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_4:
We operate in a highly competitive market. If we do not compete effectively, our prospects, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
HEADER_5:
If we are unable to anticipate and satisfy consumer preferences in a timely manner, our business may be adversely affected.
HEADER_6:
If we are unable to successfully develop and timely introduce new products and services or enhance existing products and services, our business may be adversely affected.
HEADER_7:
Our operating results could be materially harmed if we are unable to accurately forecast consumer demand for our products and services and adequately manage our inventory.
HEADER_8:
Our quarterly operating results or other operating metrics may fluctuate significantly, which could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline.
HEADER_9:
We do not expect to continue to grow in the future at the same rates as we have in the past and profitability in recent periods may not be indicative of future performance.
HEADER_10:
We rely on a limited number of suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers, and each of our products is manufactured by a single contract manufacturer.
HEADER_11:
Because some of the key components in our products come from a limited number or single source of supply, we are susceptible to supply shortages, long lead times for components, and supply changes, any of which could disrupt our supply chain.
HEADER_12:
Our current and future products and services may experience quality problems from time to time that can result in adverse publicity, product recalls, litigation, regulatory proceedings, and warranty claims resulting in significant direct or indirect costs, decreased revenue and operating margin, and harm to our brand.
HEADER_13:
We have limited control over our suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers, which subjects us to significant risks, including the potential inability to obtain or produce quality products on a timely basis or in sufficient quantity.
HEADER_14:
We are, and may in the future, be subject to claims and lawsuits alleging that our products fail to provide accurate measurements and data to our users.
HEADER_15:
The failure to effectively manage the introduction of new or enhanced products may adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_16:
We spend significant amounts on advertising and other marketing campaigns to acquire new users, which may not be successful or cost-effective.
HEADER_17:
An economic downturn or economic uncertainty may adversely affect consumer discretionary spending and demand for our products and services.
HEADER_18:
Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees, including our founders, James Park and Eric N. Friedman, and on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel and senior management.
HEADER_19:
Our failure or inability to protect our intellectual property rights, or claims by others that we are infringing upon or unlawfully using their intellectual property could diminish the value of our brand and weaken our competitive position, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.
HEADER_20:
Our operating margins may decline as a result of increasing product costs and operating expenses.
HEADER_21:
Our business is affected by seasonality and if our sales fall below our forecasts, our overall financial conditions and results of operations could be adversely affected.
HEADER_22:
Any material disruption of our information technology systems, or those of third-party partners and data center providers could materially damage user and business partner relationships, and subject us to significant reputational, financial, legal, and operational consequences.
HEADER_23:
We collect, store, process, and use personal information and other customer data, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to privacy, information security, and data protection, and any security breaches or our actual or perceived failure to comply with such legal obligations could harm our business.
HEADER_24:
Cybersecurity risks could adversely affect our business and disrupt our operations.
HEADER_25:
Our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand. If events occur that damage our brand, our business and financial results may be harmed.
HEADER_26:
The market for connected health and fitness devices is still in the early stages of growth and if it does not continue to grow, grows more slowly than we expect, or fails to grow as large as we expect, our business and operating results would be harmed.
HEADER_27:
We depend on retailers and distributors to sell and market our products, and our failure to maintain and further develop our sales channels could harm our business.
HEADER_28:
Consolidation of retailers or concentration of retail market share among a few retailers may increase and concentrate our credit risk and impair our ability to sell products.
HEADER_29:
The insolvency, credit problems, or other financial difficulties confronting our retailers and distributors could expose us to financial risk.
HEADER_30:
If we continue to grow, we may not be able to effectively manage our growth and the increased complexity of our business, which could negatively impact our brand and financial performance.
HEADER_31:
Our active user metric only represents the potential size and growth of our engaged user community, and our registered device user metric only represents the number of users who have historically used our devices or paid for a subscription to our services. Therefore, you should not rely on these metrics as indicators of future retention of users, continual user engagement, future payments by users or other revenue opportunities.
HEADER_32:
Our failure to comply with U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security, and data protection, such as the E.U. Data Protection Directive, which requires an adequate legal mechanism for the transfer of personal data from the European Union to the United States, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and our brand.
HEADER_33:
Our business and products are subject to a variety of additional U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that are central to our business; our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our business or our operating results.
HEADER_34:
Our international operations subject us to additional costs and risks, and our continued expansion internationally may not be successful.
HEADER_35:
To date, we have derived substantially all of our revenue from sales of our connected health and fitness devices, and sales of our subscription-based premium services have historically accounted for less than 1% of our revenue.
HEADER_36:
We are regularly subject to general litigation, regulatory disputes, and government inquiries.
HEADER_37:
Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus local currencies.
HEADER_38:
Changes in legislation in U.S. and foreign taxation of international business activities or the adoption of other tax reform policies, as well as the application of such laws, could materially impact our financial position and operating results.
HEADER_39:
If we are unable to protect our domain names, our brand, business, and operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_40:
Our use of “open source” software could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation.
HEADER_41:
We may engage in merger and acquisition activities, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_42:
There have been reports that some users of certain of our devices have experienced skin irritations, which could result in additional negative publicity or otherwise harm our business. In addition, some of our users have filed personal injury lawsuits against us relating to certain of our devices, which could divert management’s attention from our operations and result in substantial legal fees and other costs.
HEADER_43:
We may be subject to CPSC recalls, regulatory proceedings and litigation in various jurisdictions, including multi-jurisdiction federal and state class action and personal injury claims, which may require significant management attention and disrupt our business operations, and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and our brand.
HEADER_44:
The Aria Wi-Fi connected scale is subject to FDA regulation, and sales of this product or future regulated products could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with the applicable requirements.
HEADER_45:
If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired.
HEADER_46:
Our management team has limited experience managing a public company.
HEADER_47:
Our business is subject to the risk of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by manmade problems such as terrorism.
HEADER_48:
If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_49:
Our revolving credit facility provides our lenders with first-priority liens against substantially all of our assets, excluding our intellectual property, and contains financial covenants and other restrictions on our actions, which could limit our operational flexibility and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.
HEADER_50:
We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our investments.
HEADER_51:
Regulations related to conflict minerals may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the costs of certain metals used in the manufacturing of our products.
HEADER_52:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock
HEADER_53:
The market price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
HEADER_54:
Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public markets, or the perception that they might occur, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.
HEADER_55:
The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with holders of our Class B common stock, including our directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders. This will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval.
HEADER_56:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, the price of our Class A common stock and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_57:
We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
HEADER_58:
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees, and limit the market price of our common stock.
