HEADER_1:
This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Form 10-K, including any information incorporated by reference herein, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, referred to as the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, referred to as the Exchange Act. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “intend,” “forecast,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “continue” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements contained in this 10-K involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and situations that may cause our or our industry’s actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. These factors include those listed below in this Item 1A and those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We 
HEADER_2:
encourage investors to review these factors carefully. We may from time to time make additional written and oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of us, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
HEADER_3:
Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that our business faces numerous financial and market risks, including those described below, as well as general economic and business risks. The following discussion provides information concerning the material risks and uncertainties that we have identified and believe may adversely affect our business, our financial condition and our results of operations. Before you decide whether to invest in our securities, you should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties, together with all of the other information included in this Form 10-K and in our other public filings, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. 
HEADER_4:
, we acquired the G.hn business of Marvell and Exar Corporation. For the risks relating to our recent acquisitions, please refer to the section of these risk factors captioned “Risks Relating to Our Recent Acquisitions.”
HEADER_5:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_6:
We face intense competition and expect competition to increase in the future, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue, revenue growth rate, if any, and market share.
HEADER_7:
We depend on a limited number of customers, that have undergone or are undergoing consolidation and who themselves are dependent on a consolidating set of service provider customers, for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from one or more of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results. In addition, Exar's business is substantially dependent on distributor agreements.
HEADER_8:
A significant portion of our revenue is attributable to demand for our products in markets for connected home solutions, and development delays and consolidation trends among cable and satellite television operators could adversely affect our future revenues and operating results.
HEADER_9:
If we fail to penetrate new applications and markets, our revenue, revenue growth rate, if any, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
HEADER_10:
We may be unable to make the substantial and productive research and development investments that are required to remain competitive in our business.
HEADER_11:
We may not sustain our growth rate, and we may not be able to manage future growth effectively.
HEADER_12:
The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses caused by undetected defects or bugs, which could reduce the market acceptance of our new products, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers and adversely affect our operating costs.
HEADER_13:
Average selling prices of our products could decrease rapidly, which would have a material adverse effect on our revenue and gross margins.
HEADER_14:
If we fail to develop and introduce new or enhanced products on a timely basis, our ability to attract and retain customers could be impaired and our competitive position could be harmed.
HEADER_15:
We have settled in the past and are currently a party to intellectual property litigation and may face additional claims of intellectual property infringement. Current litigation and any future litigation could be time-consuming, costly to defend or settle and result in the loss of significant rights.
HEADER_16:
We utilize a significant amount of intellectual property in our business. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our business could be adversely affected.
HEADER_17:
We may be subject to information technology failures, including data protection breaches and cyber-attacks, that could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results.
HEADER_18:
We rely on a limited number of third parties to manufacture, assemble and test our products, and the failure to manage our relationships with our third-party contractors successfully could adversely affect our ability to market and sell our products.
HEADER_19:
We do not have any long-term supply contracts with our contract manufacturers or suppliers, and any disruption in our supply of products or materials could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue and operating results.
HEADER_20:
We may have difficulty accurately predicting our future revenue and appropriately budgeting our expenses particularly as we seek to enter new markets where we may not have prior experience.
HEADER_21:
If we are unable to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, especially our design and technical personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively.
HEADER_22:
Our business would be adversely affected by the departure of existing members of our senior management team.
HEADER_23:
Our customers require our products and our third-party contractors to undergo a lengthy and expensive qualification process which does not assure product sales.
HEADER_24:
We are subject to risks associated with our distributors’ product inventories and product sell-through. Should any of our distributors cease or be forced to stop distributing our products, our business would suffer.
HEADER_25:
We are subject to order and shipment uncertainties, and differences between our estimates of customer demand and product mix and our actual results could negatively affect our inventory levels, sales and operating results.
HEADER_26:
Winning business is subject to lengthy competitive selection processes that require us to incur significant expenditures. Even if we begin a product design, customers may decide to cancel or change their product plans, which could cause us to generate no revenue from a product and adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_27:
Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations and may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors that could adversely affect our business and our stock price.
HEADER_28:
We are subject to the cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry.
HEADER_29:
The use of open source software in our products, processes and technology may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property.
HEADER_30:
We rely on third parties to provide services and technology necessary for the operation of our business. Any failure of one or more of our partners, vendors, suppliers or licensors to provide these services or technology could have a material adverse effect on our business.
HEADER_31:
Unanticipated changes in our tax rates or unanticipated tax obligations could affect our future results.
HEADER_32:
Our corporate income tax liability could materially increase if tax incentives we have negotiated in Singapore cease to be effective or applicable or if we are challenged on our use of such incentives. 
HEADER_33:
Global economic conditions, including factors that adversely affect consumer spending for the products that incorporate our integrated circuits, could adversely affect our revenues, margins, and operating results.
HEADER_34:
Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business and other factors related to our international operations.
HEADER_35:
If we suffer losses to our facilities or distribution system due to catastrophe, our operations could be seriously harmed.
HEADER_36:
Our business is subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expenses. If we fail to maintain compliance with applicable regulations, we may be forced to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
HEADER_37:
Investor confidence may be adversely impacted if we are unable to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and as a result, our stock price could decline.
HEADER_38:
Our products must conform to industry standards in order to be accepted by end users in our markets.
HEADER_39:
Risks Relating to Our Common Stock
HEADER_40:
Our management team may use our available cash and cash equivalents in ways with which you may not agree or in ways which may not yield a return.
HEADER_41:
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_42:
Our share price may be volatile as a result of limited trading volume and other factors.
HEADER_43:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_44:
Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our share price to decline.
HEADER_45:
We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
HEADER_46:
Risks Relating to Our Recent Acquisitions
HEADER_47:
Our actual financial and operating results could differ materially from any expectations or guidance provided by us concerning future results, including (without limitation) expectations or guidance with respect to the financial impact of any cost savings and other potential synergies resulting from our recent acquisitions.
HEADER_48:
In addition to our recent acquisitions, we may, from time to time, make additional business acquisitions or investments, which involve significant risks. 
HEADER_49:
Failure to integrate our business and operations successfully with those of acquired businesses in the expected time-frame or otherwise may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_50:
Our business relationships, including customer relationships, and those of our acquired businesses may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with the acquisitions.
HEADER_51:
In connection with the acquisition of Exar, we incurred $425.0 million of secured term loan indebtedness.  We have since entered into an interest rate swap to hedge a substantial portion of our exposure to rising interest rates applicable to such indebtedness.  We have not previously carried long-term indebtedness, which will adversely affect our operating results and cash-flows as we satisfy our underlying interest and principal payment obligations.  We also have not previously engaged in hedging arrangements, which are subject to fair value measurement and hedge accounting rules and related documentation requirements. If we are unable to maintain favorable cash flow hedge accounting and changes in fair value of our interest rate swap are recorded in earnings, it may adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_52:
We used substantially all of Exar’s available cash resources, proceeds from our term loan facility, and a sizeable portion of our cash resources to complete the acquisition and distribute the cash consideration payable to Exar stockholders.  As a result, our available liquidity after the acquisition was reduced at the same time that the scope of our operations and cash requirements have increased, and we may be required to seek additional financing.
HEADER_53:
Servicing our indebtedness will require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial indebtedness.
HEADER_54:
We may still incur substantially more debt or take other actions, which would intensify the risks discussed immediately above.
HEADER_55:
As part of a business unit divestiture, Exar agreed to indemnify the buyer of the business unit for an amount that could be up to the full purchase price received for breaches of representations and warranties, covenants and other matters under the applicable purchase agreement.  If Exar were required to make payments in satisfaction of these indemnification obligations, it could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_56:
We and Exar may have difficulty motivating and retaining key Exar personnel in light of the acquisition.
HEADER_57:
We have incurred and expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to the operational integration of our recent acquisitions.
HEADER_58:
We have recorded goodwill that could become impaired and adversely affect our future operating results.
