HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our financial statements and related notes. Any of the risks, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, prospects, and financial condition, and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or deemed to be material by us may impair our operations and performance.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_4:
As a result of recent changes in our market, sales organization, and go-to-market strategy, our ability to forecast our future results of operations and plan for and model future growth is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties.
HEADER_5:
Our revenue growth rate in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance.
HEADER_6:
We have a history of losses and may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability in the future.
HEADER_7:
If we are unable to increase sales of our solution to large organizations and public sector entities, while mitigating the risks associated with serving such end-customers, our business, financial position, and results of operations may suffer.
HEADER_8:
Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth, or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our results of operations will be harmed.
HEADER_9:
If we are unable to increase market awareness of our company and our solution, or fail to successfully promote or protect our brand, our competitive market position and revenue may not continue to grow or may decline.
HEADER_10:
We operate in a highly competitive market, with certain competitors having greater resources than we do, and competitive pressures from existing and new companies may adversely impact our business, results of operations, prospects, and financial condition.
HEADER_11:
If we are unable to successfully expand our sales force while maintaining sales productivity, sales of our products, maintenance, and professional services and the growth of our business and financial performance could be harmed.
HEADER_12:
Our end-customers’ purchasing cycles may cause fluctuations in our revenue.
HEADER_13:
Reliance on shipments at the end of the quarter could cause our revenue for the applicable period to fall below expected levels.
HEADER_14:
We are dependent upon lead generation strategies to drive our sales and revenue. If these marketing strategies fail to continue to generate sales opportunities, our ability to grow our revenue will be adversely affected.
HEADER_15:
Our business depends substantially on our ability to retain end-customers and expand our offerings to them. A decline in our end-customer retention or in our ability to expand sales to existing end-customers could harm our future results of operations.
HEADER_16:
If we are unable to attract new end-customers, our revenue growth and profitability will be adversely affected.
HEADER_17:
Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly, be difficult to predict, and may not meet investor expectations.
HEADER_18:
Sales to U.S. federal, state, and local government agencies and other public sector entities are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business.
HEADER_19:
Because we derive substantially all of our revenue and cash flows from one product, ForeScout CounterACT, the failure to achieve increased market acceptance of CounterACT would adversely affect our business, results of operations, prospects, and financial condition.
HEADER_20:
Real or perceived defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our products, the misconfiguration of our products, the failure of our products to detect or prevent a security breach, the failure of end-customers to take action on attacks identified by our products, or the failure of our products to detect newly developed devices could harm our reputation and adversely impact our business, results of operations, prospects, and financial condition.
HEADER_21:
Because our products are highly complex and are subject to real or perceived defects, our business is subject to risks related to warranty claims, product returns and product liability.
HEADER_22:
We rely on revenue from maintenance and professional services, which may decline, and because we recognize revenue from our support and maintenance contracts over the term of the relevant service period, downturns or upturns in sales of our support and maintenance services are not immediately reflected in full in our results of operations.
HEADER_23:
The security market is rapidly evolving and difficult to predict within the increasingly challenging cyberthreat landscape. If the security market does not evolve as we anticipate or if our target end-customers do not adopt our solution, our sales will not grow as quickly as anticipated and our stock price could decline.
HEADER_24:
Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, our sales and the timing of our sales are difficult to predict and may vary substantially from period to period, which may cause our results of operations to fluctuate significantly.
HEADER_25:
If our products do not successfully interoperate with our end-customers’ infrastructure, sales of our products, maintenance, and professional services could be negatively affected, which would harm our business.
HEADER_26:
Failure to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights could substantially harm our business and results of operations.
HEADER_27:
Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights, or other lawsuits asserted against us, could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business and results of operations.
HEADER_28:
We rely on technology that we license from third parties, including software that is integrated with our internally developed software and used with our products.
HEADER_29:
Our use of open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our solution, require us to reengineer our products and possibly subject us to litigation.
HEADER_30:
We are dependent on a single third-party manufacturer and a limited number of third-party logistics providers to design and manufacture our products and to fulfill orders for our products.
HEADER_31:
We rely on third-party channel partners to sell our products, maintenance, and professional services. If our partners fail to perform, or if we fail to manage and retain such partners, our ability to sell our products, maintenance, and professional services would be limited, and if we fail to optimize our channel partner model going forward, our results of operations would be harmed.
HEADER_32:
Managing the supply of our products is complex. Insufficient supply and inventory may result in lost sales opportunities or delayed revenue, while excess inventory may harm our gross margins.
HEADER_33:
Our failure to adequately protect personal information in compliance with evolving legal requirements could harm our business.
HEADER_34:
Reduced information technology and network infrastructure spending or adverse economic conditions may harm our business, results of operations, prospects, and financial condition.
HEADER_35:
The average sales price of our products has decreased from time to time, and may decrease in the future, which may negatively impact our gross profits and results of operations.
HEADER_36:
We are dependent on the continued services and performance of our senior management and other key employees, and the loss of any of these key employees or any failure to hire and retain additional highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business, results of operations, prospects, and financial condition.
HEADER_37:
We are dependent on various IT systems, and failures of, or interruptions to, those systems could harm our business.
HEADER_38:
Governmental regulations affecting the manufacturing of products and that contain “conflict minerals” and the import or export of our products could negatively affect our revenue and may cause reputational harm.
HEADER_39:
Parts of our research and development activities are located in Israel and, therefore, our results of operations may be adversely affected by political, economic, and military instability in Israel.
HEADER_40:
Our international operations expose us to a variety of risks.
HEADER_41:
Due to the global nature of our business, we could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. FCPA or similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions in which we operate and various international trade and export laws.
HEADER_42:
Third parties may bring legal actions against us.
HEADER_43:
Our operations could be significantly hindered by the occurrence of a natural disaster, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event.
HEADER_44:
If we fail to comply with environmental requirements, our business, results of operations, prospects, financial condition, and reputation could be adversely affected.
HEADER_45:
Our gross margin is affected by a number of factors, and we may not be able to sustain it at present levels.
HEADER_46:
Our investments in new or enhanced products and services may not yield the benefits we anticipate.
HEADER_47:
We may acquire or invest in companies, which may divert our management’s attention and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions.
HEADER_48:
We face increased exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
HEADER_49:
If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired.
HEADER_50:
If we cannot maintain our corporate culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, passion, and focus on execution that we believe contribute to our success, and our business may be harmed.
HEADER_51:
Forecasting our estimated annual effective tax rate is complex and subject to uncertainty, and there may be material differences between our forecasted and actual tax rates.
HEADER_52:
Changes in U.S. tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, results of operations or financial conditions.
HEADER_53:
Our ability to use our net operating loss carry-forwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited.
HEADER_54:
Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock 
HEADER_55:
Provisions of our corporate governance documents could make an acquisition of our company more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our stockholders.
HEADER_56:
Our amended and restated bylaws designate courts in the State of Delaware and in the county of Santa Clara, California as the sole and exclusive forums for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.
HEADER_57:
Market volatility may affect the price of our common stock.
HEADER_58:
Our business could be impacted as a result of actions by activist shareholders or others.
HEADER_59:
As a public company, we are subject to additional laws, regulations, and stock exchange listing standards, which impose additional costs on us and may strain our resources and divert our management’s attention.
HEADER_60:
Since we have no current plans to pay regular cash dividends on our common stock, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it.
HEADER_61:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our shares or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our share price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_62:
We are an “emerging growth company,” and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors.
HEADER_63:
Our directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders have substantial control over us and could delay or prevent a change in control.
