HEADER_1:
An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, and all other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock.  Our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks and uncertainties. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you might lose all or part or all of your investment. In addition, the risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. Our business, operating results, financial performance or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material.
HEADER_2:
If the market for cloud solutions for IT security and compliance does not evolve as we anticipate, our revenues may not grow and our operating results would be harmed.
HEADER_3:
Our quarterly operating results may vary from period to period, which could result in our failure to meet expectations with respect to operating results and cause the trading price of our stock to decline.
HEADER_4:
If we do not successfully anticipate market needs and opportunities or are unable to enhance our solutions and develop new solutions that meet those needs and opportunities on a timely or cost-effective basis, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business and financial condition may be harmed.
HEADER_5:
If we fail to continue to effectively scale and adapt our platform to meet the performance and other requirements of our customers, our operating results and our business would be harmed.
HEADER_6:
Our platform, website and internal systems may be subject to intentional disruption or other security incidents that could result in liability and adversely impact our reputation and future sales.
HEADER_7:
We have a limited history of profitability and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future.
HEADER_8:
Adverse economic conditions or reduced IT spending may adversely impact our business.
HEADER_9:
Our business depends substantially on retaining our current customers, and any reduction in our customer renewals or revenues from such customers could harm our future operating results.
HEADER_10:
If we are unable to continue to attract new customers and grow our customer base, our growth could be slower than we expect and our business may be harmed.
HEADER_11:
Subscriptions to our QualysGuard Vulnerability Management solution generate most of our revenues, and if we are unable to continue to renew and grow subscriptions for this solution, our operating results would suffer.
HEADER_12:
If we are unable to sell subscriptions to additional solutions, our future revenue growth may be harmed and our business may suffer.
HEADER_13:
Our security and compliance solutions are primarily delivered from four data centers, and any disruption of service at these facilities would interrupt or delay our ability to deliver our solutions to our customers which could reduce our revenues and harm our operating results.
HEADER_14:
If we are unable to increase market awareness of our company and our new solutions, our revenues may not continue to grow, or may decline.
HEADER_15:
If our solutions fail to help our customers achieve and maintain compliance with regulations and industry standards, our revenues and operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_16:
If our solutions fail to detect vulnerabilities or incorrectly detect vulnerabilities, our brand and reputation could be harmed, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
HEADER_17:
Incorrect or improper implementation or use of our solutions could result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business and reputation.
HEADER_18:
Undetected software errors or flaws in our cloud platform could harm our reputation or decrease market acceptance of our solutions, which would harm our operating results.
HEADER_19:
Our solutions could be used to collect and store personal information of our customers’ employees or customers, and therefore privacy and other data handling concerns could result in additional cost and liability to us or inhibit sales of our solutions.
HEADER_20:
A significant portion of our customers, channel partners and employees are located outside of the United States, which subjects us to a number of risks associated with conducting international operations and if we are unable to successfully manage these risks, our business and operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_21:
Disruptive technologies could gain wide adoption and supplant our cloud security and compliance solutions, thereby weakening our sales and harming our results of operations.
HEADER_22:
We face competition in our markets, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position.
HEADER_23:
Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth, or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our operating results may be negatively affected.
HEADER_24:
Forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, there can be no assurance that our business will grow at similar rates, or at all.
HEADER_25:
If we are unable to continue the expansion of our sales force, sales of our solutions and the growth of our business would be harmed.
HEADER_26:
Our sales cycle can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, revenues may vary from period to period, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate and could harm our business.
HEADER_27:
We rely on third-party channel partners to generate a substantial amount of our revenues, and if we fail to expand and manage our distribution channels, our revenues could decline and our growth prospects could suffer.
HEADER_28:
We rely on software-as-a-service vendors to operate certain functions of our business and any failure of such vendors to provide services to us could adversely impact our business and operations.
HEADER_29:
We use third-party software and data that may be difficult to replace or cause errors or failures of our solutions that could lead to lost customers or harm to our reputation and our operating results.
HEADER_30:
Our solutions contain third-party open source software components, and our failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to sell our solutions.
HEADER_31:
Delays or interruptions in the manufacturing and delivery of our physical scanner appliances by our sole source manufacturer may harm our business.
HEADER_32:
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_33:
Failure to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights could substantially harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_34:
Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_35:
If we are required to collect sales and use or other taxes on the solutions we sell, we may be subject to liability for past sales and our future sales may decrease.
HEADER_36:
We depend on the continued services and performance of our senior management and other key employees, the loss of any of whom could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_37:
If we are unable to hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel, our business may suffer.
HEADER_38:
Changes in laws or regulations related to the Internet may diminish the demand for our solutions and could have a negative impact on our business.
HEADER_39:
A portion of our revenues are generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks.
HEADER_40:
Governmental export or import controls could subject us to liability if we violate them or limit our ability to compete in foreign markets.
HEADER_41:
Our success in acquiring and integrating other businesses, products or technologies could impact our financial position.
HEADER_42:
Our financial results are based in part on our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies. These estimates or judgments may prove to be incorrect, which could harm our operating results and result in a decline in our stock price.
HEADER_43:
Changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse and unexpected revenue fluctuations and impact our reported results of operations.
HEADER_44:
Because we expense commissions associated with sales of our solutions immediately upon receipt of a subscription order from a customer and generally recognize the revenues associated with such sale over the term of the agreement, our operating income in any period may not be indicative of our financial health and future performance.
HEADER_45:
We recognize revenues from subscriptions over the term of the relevant service period, and therefore any decreases or increases in bookings are not immediately reflected in our operating results.
HEADER_46:
Changes in our provision for income taxes or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_47:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by manmade problems such as terrorism.
HEADER_48:
If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired.
HEADER_49:
We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs and have devoted and will continue to devote substantial management time as a result of operating as a public company, and these commitments will increase after we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” which could adversely affect our business and operating results.
HEADER_50:
We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies makes our common stock less attractive to investors.
HEADER_51:
Market volatility may affect our stock price and the value of an investment in our common stock and could subject us to litigation.
HEADER_52:
Our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance.
HEADER_53:
An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained.
HEADER_54:
Concentration of ownership among our existing executive officers, directors and holders of 10% or more of
HEADER_55:
our outstanding common stock may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions.
HEADER_56:
Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline.
HEADER_57:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_58:
We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and therefore any returns will be limited to the value of our stock.
HEADER_59:
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.
