CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:
&#160;
CONTENT_4:
&#160;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;The wearable device market is highly competitive, with companies offering a variety of products and services. Wearables can be broadly defined as connected health and fitness trackers, fitness watches, smartwatches and devices beyond the wrist. We expect competition in our market to intensify in the future as new and existing competitors introduce new or enhanced products and services that are potentially more competitive than our products and services. In terms of units sold, we have primarily operated in the connected health and fitness tracker segment of the wearables device market. The wearable device market has a multitude of participants, including specialized consumer electronics companies, such as Garmin and Nokia, and traditional watch companies such as Fossil and Movado. In addition, many large, broad-based consumer electronics companies either compete in our market or adjacent markets or have announced plans to do so, including Apple, Google, LG and Samsung. For example, Apple sells the Apple Watch, which is a smartwatch with broad-based functionalities, including some health and fitness tracking capabilities, and Apple has sold a significant volume of its smartwatches since introduction. Moreover, smartwatches with health and fitness functionalities may displace the market for traditional tracker devices. We also face competition from manufacturers of lower-cost devices, such as Xiaomi and its Mi Band device. In addition, we compete with a wide range of stand-alone health and fitness-related mobile apps that can be purchased or downloaded through mobile app stores. We believe many of our competitors and potential competitors have significant advantages, including longer operating histories, ability to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of products and services, larger and broader customer bases, more established relationships with a larger number of suppliers, contract manufacturers, and channel partners, greater brand recognition, ability to leverage app stores which they may operate, experience manufacturing particular wearable devices, such as smartwatches, and greater financial, research and development, marketing, distribution, and other resources than we do. Our competitors and potential competitors may also be able to develop products or services that are equal or superior to ours, achieve greater market acceptance of their products and services, and increase sales by utilizing different distribution channels than we do. Some of our competitors may aggressively discount their products and services in order to gain market share, which could result in pricing pressures, reduced profit margins, lost market share, or a failure to grow market share for us. In addition, new products may have lower selling prices or higher costs than legacy products, which could negatively impact our gross margins and operating results. Furthermore, current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources. As a result of such acquisitions, our current or potential competitors might be able to adapt more quickly to new technologies and consumer needs, devote greater 8Table of Contentsresources to the promotion or sale of their products and services, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities more readily or develop and expand their products and services more quickly than we do. If we are not able to compete effectively against our current or potential competitors, our prospects, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected.&#160;
CONTENT_5:
&#160;Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and satisfy consumer preferences in a timely manner. All of our products and services are subject to changing consumer preferences that cannot be predicted with certainty. In terms of units sold, we have primarily operated in the connected health and fitness tracker segment of the wearables device market.&#160;However, consumer preference has increasingly shifted to the smartwatch segment of the wearables device market.&#160;Although we intend to build out our smartwatch offerings, consumers may decide not to purchase our products and services as their preferences could shift rapidly to different types of wearable devices or away from these types of products and services altogether. Our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to shifts in consumer preferences. If we do not anticipate such shifts in a timely manner, our reputation and business may be adversely affected.&#160;Our newer products and services that have additional features or new product designs, such as Fitbit Ionic and Fitbit Aria 2, may also have higher prices than many of our earlier products and the products of some of our competitors, which may not appeal to consumers or only appeal to a smaller subset of consumers. It is also possible that competitors could introduce new products and services that negatively impact consumer preference for our wearable devices, which could result in decreased sales of our products and services and a loss in market share. Accordingly, if we fail to anticipate and satisfy consumer preferences in a timely manner, or if it is perceived that our future products and services will not satisfy consumer preferences, our business may be adversely affected.&#160;
CONTENT_6:
&#160;We must continually develop and introduce new products and services and improve and enhance our existing products and services to maintain or increase our sales. We believe that our future growth depends on continuing to engage and expand our user base by introducing new form factors, software services&#160;and&#160;other offerings.&#160;For example, in the third quarter of 2017, we started shipping Fitbit Ionic, our smartwatch and Fitbit Flyer, our first Bluetooth headphone. In September 2017, we also announced our participation in the Food and Drug Administration&#8217;s, or FDA, new digital health software precertification pilot program aimed to develop a new approach to regulating digital health technology and to promote innovation of high-quality and effective digital health tools. The success of new or enhanced products and services may depend on a number of factors including, anticipating and effectively addressing consumer preferences and demand, timely and successful research and development, the success of our sales and marketing efforts, effective forecasting and management of product demand, purchase commitments, and inventory levels, effective management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the quality of or defects in our products.&#160;The development of our products and services is complex and costly, and we typically have several products and services in development at the same time. Given the complexity, we occasionally have experienced, and could experience in the future, delays in completing the development and introduction of new and enhanced products and services, product costs that are higher than planned, or lower than expected manufacturing yields of new and enhanced products, which may adversely affect our revenue and gross margins. Unanticipated problems in developing products and services could also divert substantial research and development resources, which may impair our ability to develop new products and services and enhancements of existing products and services, and could substantially increase our costs. Problems in the design or quality of our products or services may also have an adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition, and operating results. &#160;We must also successfully manage introductions of new or enhanced products. Introductions of new or enhanced products could adversely impact the sales of our existing products to retailers and consumers. For instance, retailers often purchase less of our existing products in advance of new product launches. Furthermore, we may experience greater returns from retailers or users of existing products, or retailers may be granted stock rotation rights and price protection. Moreover, consumers may decide to purchase new or enhanced products instead of existing products. We may face challenges managing the inventory of existing products, which could lead to excess inventory and discounting of our existing products. In addition, new products may have lower selling prices or higher costs than legacy products, which could negatively impact our gross margins and operating results. We have also historically incurred higher levels of sales and marketing expenses accompanying each product introduction. Accordingly, if we fail to effectively manage introductions of new or enhanced products, our operating results could be harmed.
CONTENT_7:

CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:
Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Our revenue has declined in recent periods and we expect our revenue growth to be slower than in the past or decline in future periods due to a number of factors, which may include slowing demand for our products and services, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, our failure, for any reason, to capitalize on growth opportunities, or the maturation of our business. From 2014 to 2016, our annual revenue grew rapidly from $745.4 million to $2.2 billion. However, in recent quarters, our revenue growth has declined, and our historical growth should not be considered as indicative of our future performance. Although our annual revenue in 2016 was up 17% compared to 2015, our revenue in 2017 declined 26% on a year-over-year basis. In future periods, we could again experience a decline in revenue, or revenue could grow more slowly than we expect, which could have a material negative effect on our future operating results. Because we have only a limited history operating our business at its current scale, it is difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our limited operating experience at this scale, combined with the rapidly evolving nature of the market in which we sell our products and services, substantial uncertainty concerning how these markets may develop, and other economic factors beyond our control, reduces our ability to accurately forecast quarterly or annual revenue. As such, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer operating history or operated in a more developed and predictable market. Failure to manage our future growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. In addition, we have not consistently achieved profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. For example, we recorded a net loss of $277.2 million&#32;in 2017. Lower levels of revenue and higher levels of operating expenses may result in limited profitability or losses.
CONTENT_10:
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Our success also depends on our ability to manage our operating expenses effectively.  Our employee headcount and the scope and complexity of our business have increased significantly during recent years and we had 1,749 employees as of December 31, 2017. We have incurred significant net losses of $277.2 million&#32;and $102.8 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. In January 2017, we announced cost-efficiency measures that included realigning sales and marketing spend and improved optimization of research and development investments. This reorganization impacted approximately 110 employees, or 6% of our global workforce.  Although we plan to seek to operate efficiently and to manage our costs effectively, we may not realize the cost savings expected from these actions.   11Table of ContentsIn addition, we are also investing in areas we believe will grow revenue and our operating expenses might increase as a result of these investments. The development of our products and services is complex and costly, and we typically have several products and services in development at the same time. Our research and development efforts may require us to incur substantial expenses to support the development of our next generation devices and other new products and services. Our research and development expenses were $343.0 million, $320.2 million and $150.0 million, for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  We could also be required to continue to expand our sales and marketing, product development, and distribution functions, to upgrade our management information systems and other processes and technology, and to obtain more space for our expanding workforce. This expansion could increase the strain on our resources, and we could experience serious operating difficulties, including difficulties in hiring, training, and managing an increasing number of employees. In the future, we may again need to strategically realign our resources, adjust our product line and/or enact price reductions in order to stimulate demand, and implement additional restructurings and workforce reductions. Any such actions may result in the recording of special charges including inventory-related write-offs, workforce reductions, or other restructuring costs. Additionally, our estimates with respect to the useful life or ultimate recoverability of our assets, including purchased intangible assets and tooling, could also change and result in impairment charges. If we are unable to operate efficiently and manage our costs, we may continue to incur significant losses in the future and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability.
CONTENT_11:
Some of the key components used to manufacture our products come from a limited or single source of supply. Our contract manufacturers generally purchase these components on our behalf, subject to certain approved supplier lists. We are subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times in the supply of these components and the risk that our suppliers discontinue or modify components used in our products. In addition, the lead times associated with certain components are lengthy and preclude rapid changes in quantities and delivery schedules. We have in the past experienced and may in the future experience component shortages, and the predictability of the availability of these components may be limited. While component shortages have historically been immaterial, they could be material in the future. In the event of a component shortage or supply interruption from suppliers of these components, we may not be able to develop suitable alternate sources in a timely manner. In addition, some of our suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers may have more established relationships with our competitors, and as a result of such relationships, such suppliers may choose to limit or terminate their relationship with us. Developing suitable alternate sources of supply for these components may be time-consuming, difficult, and costly and we may not be able to source these components on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, which may adversely affect our ability to meet our requirements or to fill our orders in a timely or cost-effective manner. Any interruption or delay in the supply of any of these parts or components, or the inability to obtain these parts or components from alternate sources at acceptable prices and within a reasonable amount of time, would harm our ability to meet our scheduled product deliveries to our customers and users. This could harm our relationships with our channel partners and users and could cause delays in shipment of our products and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, increased component costs could result in lower gross margins. If we are unable to buy these components in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver products and services to our customers and users, which could adversely impact our revenue, gross margins, and operating results.
CONTENT_12:
&#160;Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. In particular, we are highly dependent on the contributions of our co-founders, James Park and Eric N. Friedman, as well as other members of our management team. The loss of any key personnel could make it more difficult to manage our operations and research and development activities, reduce our employee retention and revenue, and impair our ability to compete. Although we have generally entered into employment offer letters with our key personnel, these agreements have no specific duration and provide for at-will employment, which means they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time.&#160;Competition for highly skilled personnel is often intense, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area where we are located, and we may incur significant costs to attract them. We may not be successful in attracting, integrating, or retaining qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs. We have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. Fluctuations in the price of our Class&#160;A common stock may make it more difficult or costly to use equity awards to motivate, incentivize and retain our employees. The significant decline in the price of our Class A common stock in recent periods may adversely affect our ability 12Table of Contentsto attract or retain highly skilled employees. Furthermore, there can be no assurances that the number of shares reserved for issuance under our equity incentive plans will be sufficient to grant equity awards adequate to recruit new employees and to compensate existing employees. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed.
CONTENT_13:
We spend significant amounts on advertising and other marketing campaigns, such as television, cinema, print advertising, and social media, as well as promotional activities, to acquire new users and we expect to continue to spend significant amounts marketing our products and services to acquire new users and increase awareness of our products and services. In 2017 and 2016, advertising expenses, excluding co-op advertising and rebates which are recorded as contra-revenue, were $226.3 million and $316.8 million, respectively, representing approximately 14% and 15% of our revenue, respectively. Co-op advertising costs were $45.0 million, $52.9 million, and $38.3 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. A significant portion of our advertising and marketing spend is typically incurred in the fourth quarter as part of our holiday promotions, as well as when new products are released. While we seek to structure our advertising campaigns in the manner that we believe is most likely to encourage people to buy our products and services, we may fail to identify advertising opportunities that satisfy our anticipated return on advertising spend as we scale our investments in marketing, accurately predict user acquisition, or fully understand or estimate the conditions and behaviors that drive user behavior. Particularly during the holiday season, there is significant competition for holiday spending; if competitors or other products offer more compelling promotions or products, we may not realize our expected sales or recover our advertising and promotional spend.  If new products do not meet customer expectations, we may not recover our advertising and promotional spend for new product introductions. If for any reason any of our advertising campaigns prove less successful than anticipated in attracting new users, we may not be able to recover our advertising spend, and our rate of user acquisition may fail to meet market expectations, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business. There can be no assurance that our advertising and other marketing efforts will result in increased sales of our products and services.
CONTENT_14:
&#160;We sell complex products and services that could contain design and manufacturing defects in their materials, hardware, and firmware. These defects could include defective materials or components, or &#8220;bugs,&#8221; that can unexpectedly interfere with the products&#8217; intended operations or cause injuries to users or property. Although we extensively and rigorously test new and enhanced products and services before their release, there can be no assurance we will be able to detect, prevent, or fix all defects. For example, our products may fail to provide accurate measurements and data to users under all circumstances, or there may be reports or claims of inaccurate measurements under certain circumstances.&#160;Failure to detect, prevent, or fix defects, or an increase in defects could result in a variety of consequences including a greater number of returns of products than expected from users and retailers, increases in warranty costs, regulatory proceedings, product recalls, and litigation, which could harm our revenue and operating results. For example, in 2016, we experienced an increase in actual and estimated warranty claims of $108.5 million as compared to 2015, which caused a 4% decline in gross margin in 2016 as compared to 2015. We generally provide a 45-day right of return for purchases through Fitbit.com and a 12-month limited warranty on all of our products, though warranty duration and scope may vary by jurisdiction in compliance with applicable local law. The occurrence of real or perceived quality problems or material defects in our current and future products could expose us to warranty claims in excess of our current reserves. Moreover, we may offer stock rotation rights and price protection to our distributors. If we experience greater returns from retailers or users, or greater warranty claims, in excess of our reserves, our business, revenue, gross margin, and operating results could be harmed. In addition, any negative publicity or lawsuits filed against us related to the perceived quality and safety of our products could also affect our brand and decrease demand for our products and services, adversely affecting our operating results and financial condition.
CONTENT_15:
&#160;We rely on a limited number of suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers.&#160;In particular, we use contract manufacturers located in Asia, and each of our products is manufactured by a single contract manufacturer.&#160;Our reliance on a sole contract manufacturer for each of our products increases the risk that in the event of an interruption from any one of these contract manufacturers, including, without limitation, due to a natural catastrophe or labor dispute, we may not be able to develop an 13Table of Contentsalternate source without incurring material additional costs and substantial delays.&#160;Accordingly, an interruption from any key supplier, contract manufacturer, or logistics provider could adversely impact our revenue, gross margins, and operating results.&#160;If we experience a significant increase in demand, or if we need to replace an existing supplier, contract manufacturer, or logistics provider, we may be unable to supplement or replace such supply, contract manufacturing, or logistics capacity on terms that are acceptable to us, which may adversely impact our ability to deliver our products to customers in a timely manner.&#160;For example, for certain of our products, it may take a significant amount of time to onboard a contract manufacturer that has the capability and resources to build the product to our specifications in sufficient volume. Identifying suitable suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers is an extensive process that requires us to become satisfied with their quality control, technical capabilities, responsiveness and service, financial stability, regulatory compliance, and labor and other ethical practices. In addition, our contract manufacturers often make significant investments to build capacity based upon our forecasted production. If we experience a significant decrease in demand as compared to our forecast, our contract manufacturers may seek to renegotiate the terms of their commitments or choose to limit or terminate their relationship with us.&#160;Accordingly, a loss of any key supplier, contract manufacturer, or logistics provider could adversely impact our revenue, gross margins, and operating results.&#160;
CONTENT_16:
&#160;We have limited control over our suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers, including aspects of their specific manufacturing processes and their labor, environmental, or other practices, which subjects us to significant risks, including the following:&#8226;inability to satisfy demand for our products;&#8226;reduced control over delivery timing and product reliability;&#8226;reduced ability to oversee the manufacturing process and components used in our products;&#8226;reduced ability to monitor compliance with our product manufacturing specifications;&#8226;price increases;&#8226;insolvency, credit problems, or other financial difficulties confronting our suppliers, contract manufacturers, or logistic providers; &#8226;difficulties in establishing additional or alternative contract manufacturing relationships if we experience difficulties with our existing suppliers, contract manufacturers or logistic providers;&#8226;shortages of materials or components;&#8226;misappropriation of our intellectual property;&#8226;suppliers, contract manufacturers, and logistics providers may choose to limit or terminate their relationship with us;&#8226;exposure to natural catastrophes, political unrest, terrorism, labor disputes, and economic instability resulting in the disruption of trade from foreign countries in which our products are manufactured;&#8226;changes in local economic conditions in countries where our suppliers, contract manufacturers, or logistics providers are located;&#8226;the imposition of new laws and regulations, including those relating to labor conditions, quality and safety standards, imports, duties, taxes, and other charges on imports, as well as trade restrictions and restrictions on currency exchange or the transfer of funds; and&#8226;insufficient warranties and indemnities on components supplied to our contract manufacturers.If there are defects in the manufacture of our products, we may face negative publicity, government investigations, and litigation, and we may not be fully compensated by our contract manufacturers for any financial or other liability that we suffer as a result.&#160;
CONTENT_17:
Our products and services are used to track and display various information about users&#8217; activities, such as daily steps taken, calories burned, distance traveled, floors climbed, active minutes, sleep duration and quality, and heart rate and GPS-based information such as speed, distance, and exercise routes. We anticipate new features and functionality in the future, as well. From time to time, there have been reports and claims made against us alleging that our products do not provide accurate measurements and data to users, including claims asserting that certain features of our products do not operate as advertised. Such reports and claims have resulted in negative publicity, and, in some cases, have required us to expend time and resources to defend litigation. For example, in the first quarter of 2016, class action lawsuits were filed against us based upon claims that the PurePulse heart rate tracking technology in the Fitbit Charge HR and Fitbit Surge do not consistently and accurately record users&#8217; heart rates. If our products fail to provide accurate measurements and data to users, or if there are reports or claims of inaccurate measurements, 14Table of Contentsclaims of false advertisement, or claims of inaccuracy regarding the overall health benefits of our products and services in the future, we may become the subject of negative publicity, litigation, including class action litigation, regulatory proceedings, and warranty claims, and our brand, operating results, and business could be harmed.
CONTENT_18:
&#160;Our business is subject to significant pressure on pricing and costs caused by many factors, including intense competition, new product introductions, the cost of components used in our products, labor costs, constrained sourcing capacity, inflationary pressure, pressure from users to reduce the prices we charge for our products and services, warranty claims, and changes in consumer demand. Costs for the components used in the manufacture of our products are affected by, among other things, energy prices, consumer demand, fluctuations in commodity prices and currency, and other factors that are generally unpredictable and beyond our control. Any change to pricing and costs could have an adverse effect on, among other things, our average selling price, the cost of our products, gross margins, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. Moreover, if we are unable to offset any decreases in our average selling price by increasing our sales volumes or by adjusting our product mix, our operating results and financial condition may be harmed.A substantial portion of our expenses are personnel related and include salaries, stock-based compensation and benefits, which are not seasonal in nature. Accordingly, in the event of revenue shortfalls, we are generally unable to mitigate a negative impact on operating margins in the short term. To the extent such revenue shortfalls recur in future periods, our operating results would be harmed.&#160;
CONTENT_19:
Some of our retailers and distributors have experienced and may continue to experience financial difficulties. Insolvency, credit challenges, or other financial difficulties may impact our retailers and distributors and could expose us to significant financial risk. In addition, if the credit capacity of any retailer or distributor declines due to deterioration in their financial condition or increases in their outstanding payable balance to us, we may be subject to additional financial risk. Financial difficulties of our retailers and distributors could impede their effectiveness and also expose us to risks if they are unable to pay for the products they purchase from us. For example, Wynit Distribution, LLC, or Wynit, historically our largest customer, filed for bankruptcy protection in September 2017, which caused us to incur $7.6 million in net bad debt expenses and $1.4 million in net cost of revenues in 2017. Credit and financial difficulties of our retailers and distributors may also lead to a reduction in sales, price reductions, increased returns of our products, and adverse effects on our brand and operating results. We maintain credit insurance for the majority of our customer balances, perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers, and maintain allowances for potential credit losses on customers&#8217; accounts when deemed necessary. Credit and financial difficulties may lead to an increase in our credit insurance premiums and make it more difficult or impossible to obtain sufficient coverage, which could increase our exposure and result in increased bad debt expense or additional write-offs. We also may not have sufficient insurance coverage to cover losses resulting from the credit and financial difficulties of our retailers and distributors. Any reduction in sales by our current retailers or distributors, loss of large retailers or distributors, or decrease in revenue from our retailers or distributors could adversely affect our revenue, operating results, and financial condition.
CONTENT_20:
We primarily sell our products through retailers and distributors and depend on these third-parties to sell and market our products to consumers. Any changes to our current mix of retailers and distributors could adversely affect our gross margin and could negatively affect both our brand image and our reputation. Our sales depend, in part, on retailers adequately displaying our products, including providing attractive space and point of purchase displays in their stores, and training their sales personnel to sell our products. Our retailers also often offer products and services of our competitors in their stores. If our retailers and distributors are not successful in selling our products or overestimate demand for our products or promote competing products and services more effectively than our products and services, our revenue would decrease and our gross margins could decline due to increased product returns or price protection claims. In addition, our success in expanding and entering into new markets internationally will depend on our ability to establish relationships with new retailers and distributors. We also sell and will need to continue to expand our sales through online retailers, such as Amazon.com, and through our direct channel, Fitbit.com, as consumers increasingly make purchases online. If we do not maintain our relationship with existing retailers and distributors or develop relationships with new retailers and distributors our ability to sell our products and services could be adversely affected and our business may be harmed. 15Table of ContentsIn 2016 and 2017, our five largest retailers and distributors accounted for approximately 52%&#32;and 43%&#32;of our revenue, respectively. Of these retailers and distributors, Wynit, Amazon.com and Best Buy accounted for approximately 14%, 14% and 10% of our revenue for 2016, respectively, and Amazon.com accounted for approximately 13%&#32;of our revenue for 2017.  No other retailers or distributors accounted for 10% or more of our revenue during these periods. Accordingly, the loss of a small number of our large retailers and distributors, or the reduction in business with one or more of these retailers and distributors, could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results. For example, Wynit, historically our largest customer at the time, filed for bankruptcy protection in September 2017. While we have agreements with these large retailers and distributors, these agreements do not require them to purchase any meaningful amount of our products.
CONTENT_21:
The electronics retail and sporting goods markets in some countries, including the United States, our largest market, are dominated by a few large retailers with many stores. These retailers have in the past increased their market share and may continue to do so in the future by expanding through acquisitions and construction of additional stores. This can further concentrate our credit risk to a relatively small number of retailers, and, if any of these retailers were to experience credit or liquidity issues, it would increase the risk that our receivables from these customers may not be paid. In addition, increasing market share concentration among one or a few retailers in a particular country or region increases the risk that if any one of them substantially reduces their purchases of our wearable devices, we may be unable to find a sufficient number of other retail outlets for our products to sustain the same level of sales. These situations also may result in pricing pressure to us. Any reduction in sales by our retailers would adversely affect our revenue, operating results, and financial condition.
CONTENT_22:
&#160;Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value of the &#8220;Fitbit&#8221; brand. The &#8220;Fitbit&#8221; name is integral to our business as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts, our ability to provide consistent, high quality products and services, and our ability to successfully secure, maintain, and defend our rights to use the &#8220;Fitbit&#8221; mark and other trademarks important to our brand. Our brand could be harmed if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or brand were to be tarnished by negative publicity. For example, there has been media coverage of some of the users of our products reporting skin irritation, as well as personal injury lawsuits filed against us relating to the Fitbit Zip, Fitbit One, Fitbit Flex, Fitbit Charge, Fitbit Charge&#160;HR, and Fitbit Surge products. We also believe that our reputation and brand may be harmed if we fail to maintain a consistently high level of customer service. In addition, we believe the popularity of the &#8220;Fitbit&#8221; brand makes it a target for counterfeiting or imitation, with third parties attempting to sell counterfeit products that attempt to replicate our products.&#160;In addition, our products may be diverted from our authorized retailers and distributors and sold on the &#8220;gray market.&#8221; Gray market products result in shadow inventory that is not visible to us, thus making it difficult to forecast demand accurately. Also, when gray market products enter the market, we and our channel partners compete with often heavily discounted gray market products, which adversely affects demand for our products and negatively impacts our margins. In addition, our inability to control gray market activities could result in user satisfaction issues, which may have a negative impact on our brand. When products are purchased outside our authorized retailers and distributors, there is a risk that our customers are buying substandard products, including products that may have been altered, mishandled, or damaged, or used products represented as new.Any occurrence of counterfeiting, imitation, or confusion with our brand could adversely affect our reputation, place negative pricing pressure on our products, reduce sales of our products, and impair the value of our brand. Additionally, counterfeit and unauthorized grey market sales may result in secondary warranty replacement and service costs. Maintaining, protecting, and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments, and these investments may not be successful. If we fail to successfully maintain, promote, and position our brand and protect our reputation or if we incur significant expenses in this effort, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.
CONTENT_23:
&#160;Our revenue and operating results are affected by general seasonal spending trends associated with holidays. For example, our fourth quarter has typically been our strongest quarter in terms of revenue and operating income, reflecting our historical strength in sales during the holiday season. We generated approximately 35%, 26% and 38% of our full year revenue during the 16Table of Contentsfourth quarters of 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Accordingly, any shortfall in expected fourth quarter revenue would adversely affect our annual operating results, as was the case in the fourth quarter of 2016. In addition, if we fail to accurately forecast consumer demand for the holiday season, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of products available for sale.Furthermore, our growth rate in recent years may obscure the extent to which seasonality trends have affected our business and may continue to affect our business. Accordingly, yearly or quarterly comparisons of our operating results may not be useful and our results in any particular period will not necessarily be indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. Seasonality in our business can also be significantly impacted by introductions of new or enhanced products and services, including the costs associated with such introductions.&#160;&#160;
CONTENT_24:
&#160;We collect, store, process, and use personal information and other user data, and we rely on third parties that are not directly under our control to do so. Our users&#8217; exercise and activity-related data and other personal information may include, among other information, names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, payment account information, height, weight, and information such as heart rates, sleeping patterns, GPS-based location, and activity patterns. Due to the volume of the personal information and data we manage and the nature of our products, the security features of our platform and information systems are critical. If our security measures, some of which we manage using third-party solutions, are breached or fail, unauthorized persons may be able to obtain access to or acquire our users&#8217; data. Furthermore, if third-party service providers that host user data on our behalf experience security breaches or violate applicable laws, agreements, or our policies, such events may also put our users&#8217; information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. Additionally, if we or any third-party, including third-party applications, with which our users choose to share their Fitbit data were to experience a breach of systems compromising our users&#8217; personal data, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected, use of our products and services could decrease, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation, and regulatory proceedings. Depending on the nature of the information compromised, in the event of a data breach or other unauthorized access to or acquisition of our user data, we may also have obligations to notify users about the incident and we may need to provide some form of remedy, such as a subscription to a credit monitoring service, for the individuals affected by the incident. A&#160;growing number of legislative and regulatory bodies have adopted consumer notification requirements in the event of unauthorized access to or acquisition of certain types of personal data. Such breach notification laws continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. Complying with these obligations could cause us to incur substantial costs and could increase negative publicity surrounding any incident that compromises user data. Our users may also inadvertently disclose or lose control of their passwords, creating the perception that our systems are not secure against third-party access. While we maintain insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions and a significant self-insured retention, is designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the event we experience a security breach. In addition, any such security breaches may result in negative publicity, adversely affect our brand, decrease demand for our products and services, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.&#160;
CONTENT_25:
&#160;The threats to network and data security are increasingly diverse and sophisticated. Despite our efforts and processes to prevent breaches, our devices, as well as our servers, computer systems, and those of third parties that we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber-attacks such as viruses and worms, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, employee theft or misuse, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our servers and computer systems or those of third parties that we use in our operations, which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical data, unauthorized access to user data, and loss of consumer confidence. In addition, we may be the target of email scams that attempt to acquire personal information or company assets. Despite our efforts to create security barriers to such threats, we may not be able to entirely mitigate these risks. Any cyber-attack that attempts to obtain our or our users&#8217; data and assets, disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition, be expensive to remedy, and damage our reputation. In addition, any such breaches may result in negative publicity, adversely affect our brand, decrease demand for our products and services, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.17Table of Contents
CONTENT_26:
&#160;We depend on our information technology systems, as well as those of third parties, to develop new products and services, operate our website, host and manage our services, store data, process transactions, respond to user inquiries, and manage inventory and our supply chain. Any material disruption or slowdown of our systems or those of third parties whom we depend upon, including a disruption or slowdown caused by our failure to successfully manage significant increases in user volume or successfully upgrade our or their systems, system failures, or other causes, could cause outages or delays in our services, which could harm our brand and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, such disruption could cause information, including data related to orders, to be lost or delayed which could---especially if the disruption or slowdown occurred during the holiday season---result in delays in the delivery of products to stores and users or lost sales, which could reduce demand for our merchandise, harm our brand and reputation, and cause our revenue to decline. Problems with our third-party data center service providers, the telecommunications network providers with whom they contract, or with the systems by which telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their users could adversely affect the experience of our users. Our third-party data center service providers could decide to close their facilities or cease providing us services without adequate notice. Any changes in third-party service levels at our data centers or any errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems with our platform could harm our brand and may damage the data of our users. If changes in technology cause our information systems, or those of third parties whom we depend upon, to become obsolete, or if our or their information systems are inadequate to handle our growth, we could lose users and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
CONTENT_27:
&#160;We currently rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and unfair competition laws, as well as confidentiality agreements and procedures and licensing arrangements, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We have devoted substantial resources to the development of our proprietary technologies and related processes. In order to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, we rely in part on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements with our employees, licensees, independent contractors, commercial partners, and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. We cannot be certain that the steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to prevent infringement of such rights by others, including imitation of our products and misappropriation of our brand. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent or trademark protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file, apply for or prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications or trademark applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. We have obtained and applied for U.S. and foreign trademark registrations for the &#8220;Fitbit&#8221; brand and a variety of our product names, and will continue to evaluate the registration of additional trademarks as appropriate. However, we cannot guarantee that any of our pending trademark or patent applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities. Moreover, intellectual property protection may be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries where laws or law enforcement practices may not protect our intellectual property rights as fully as in the United States, and it may be more difficult for us to successfully challenge the use of our intellectual property rights by other parties in these countries. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and our failure or inability to obtain or maintain trade secret protection or otherwise protect our proprietary rights could adversely affect our business.&#160;We are and may in the future be subject to patent infringement and trademark claims and lawsuits in various jurisdictions, and we cannot be certain that our products or activities do not violate the patents, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights of third-party claimants. Companies in the technology industry and other patent, copyright, and trademark holders seeking to profit from royalties in connection with grants of licenses own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names, and trade secrets and frequently commence litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. Companies and individuals may also be subject to criminal prosecution for trade secret theft under 18 U.S.C. section 1832. As we face increasing competition, the intellectual property rights claims against us and asserted by us have grown and will likely continue to grow. For example, we had been involved in litigation with Jawbone and under a related federal criminal investigation concerning alleged theft of Jawbone&#8217;s trade secrets, which is described in Note 7, &#8220;Commitments and Contingencies&#8221; in the notes to our consolidated financial statements.&#160;We intend to vigorously defend and prosecute these litigation matters and, based on our review, we believe we have valid defenses and claims with respect to each of these matters. However, litigation is inherently uncertain, and any judgment or injunctive relief entered against us or any adverse settlement could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, operating 18Table of Contentsresults, and prospects. In addition, litigation can involve significant management time and attention and can be expensive, regardless of outcome. During the course of these litigation matters, there may be announcements of the results of hearings and motions, and other interim developments related to the litigation matters. If securities analysts or investors regard these announcements as negative, the market price of our Class A common stock may decline.&#160;Further, from time to time, we have received and may continue to receive letters from third parties alleging that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. Successful infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability, prevent us from selling some of our products and services, or require us to change our branding. In addition, resolution of claims may require us to redesign our products, license rights from third parties at a significant expense, or cease using those rights altogether. We have also in the past and may in the future bring claims against third parties for infringing our intellectual property rights. Costs of supporting such litigation and disputes may be considerable, and there can be no assurances that a favorable outcome will be obtained. Patent infringement, trademark infringement, trade secret misappropriation, and other intellectual property claims and proceedings brought against us or brought by us, whether successful or not, could require significant attention of our management and resources and have in the past and could further result in substantial costs, harm to our brand, and have an adverse effect on our business.
CONTENT_28:
&#160;We recently implemented a new enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system. ERP implementations are complex and time-consuming, and involve substantial expenditures on maintenance activities and software. The ERP system is critical to our ability to provide important information to our management, obtain and deliver products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations, accurately maintain books and records, provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results&#160;or otherwise operate our business. ERP implementations also require transformation of business and financial processes in order to reap the benefits of the ERP system; any such transformation involves risks inherent in the conversion to a new computer system, including loss of information and potential disruption to our normal operations. We may discover deficiencies in our design or implementation or maintenance of the new ERP system that could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations, accurately maintain books and records, provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results, or otherwise operate our business. Additionally, if the system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected or our ability to assess it adequately could be delayed.
CONTENT_29:
&#160;The market for wearable devices, which includes both connected health and fitness trackers and smartwatches, is still evolving and unproven and it is uncertain whether wearable devices will sustain high levels of demand and wide market acceptance. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of people to widely adopt these products and services. In part, adoption of our products and services will depend on the increasing prevalence of wearable devices driven by the introduction of new form factors, software services and other offerings. However, it is not certain whether consumers will respond to these new form factors, and if our offerings fail to satisfy consumer preferences, our business may be adversely affected.Furthermore, some individuals may be reluctant or unwilling to use wearable devices because they have concerns regarding the risks associated with data privacy and security. If the wider public does not perceive the benefits of our wearable devices or chooses not to adopt them as a result of concerns regarding privacy or data security or for other reasons, then the market for these products and services may not further develop, it may develop more slowly than we expect, or it may not achieve the growth potential we expect it to, any of which would adversely affect our operating results. The development and growth of this market may not be sustained.
CONTENT_30:
Our active user metric tracks the number of users who have an active Fitbit Coach subscription, who paired a wearable device or Aria scale to a Fitbit account, or who logged at least 100 steps or took a weight measurement within three months of the measurement date. 19Table of ContentsThe active user only represents the potential size or growth of our engaged user community. The active user metric does not provide information regarding how frequently users engage with our platform or pay us, the extent to which inactive users are offset by new active users or how long a user remains active or continues to pay us. This metric is also not intended to be an indicator of device sales in any period and does not have a direct effect on our revenue and operating results since substantially all of our revenue to date has been derived from sales of our wearable devices. Therefore, you should not rely on our active user metric as an indicator of the level of retention of individual users in the future, continual user engagement or future payments by users. Our activation metric tracks the first instance of a Fitbit device (excluding Aria, Aria 2, Flyer and other accessories) pairing to a user account during the three months ending on the date of measurement, as well as Fitbit users who previously activated another Fitbit device to his or her account. The activation metric is only an indicator of potential repeat behavior. Actual repeat purchase behavior may depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to our ability to anticipate and satisfy consumer preferences.&#160;Therefore, you should not rely on our activation metric as a guarantee of repeat purchase behavior. &#160;See the sections titled, &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Key Business Metrics-Active Users,&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Key Business Metrics-Activations&#8221; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
CONTENT_31:
&#160;We are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad regarding privacy, data protection, and data security. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws.&#160;In particular, there are numerous U.S. federal, state, and local laws and regulations and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy and the collection, sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal data. Such laws and regulations often have changes in scope, may be subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. For example, in April 2016, the EU Parliament adopted a new data protection regulation, known as the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, which will become effective in May 2018. The GDPR will include operational requirements for companies that receive or process personal data of residents of the European Union that are more stringent than those currently in place in the European Union, and that will include significant penalties for non-compliance, including fines of up to &#8364;20 million or 4% of total worldwide revenue. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the GDPR may limit the use and adoption of our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business. Additionally, we rely on various legal mechanisms for transferring certain personal data outside of the European Economic Area, or EEA, including the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, or Privacy Shield, and EU Standard Contractual Clauses, or SCCs. In November 2016, the US Department of Commerce approved our Privacy Shield self-certification, which is available on the Department&#8217;s Privacy Shield website. Both Privacy Shield and the SCCs are the subject of ongoing legal challenges in European courts. If we fail or are perceived to fail to meet the Privacy Shield principles or our obligations under the SCCs, or if any of these legal mechanisms for transferring data from the EEA are invalidated by European courts or otherwise become defunct, EU data protection authorities or the Federal Trade Commission could bring enforcement actions seeking to prohibit or suspend our data transfers or alleging unfair or deceptive practices. In such cases, we could be required to make potentially expensive changes to our information technology infrastructure and business operations, and we could face legal liability, fines, negative publicity, and resulting loss of business.   We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations, and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy, data security, and data protection. However, given that the scope, interpretation, and application of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be conflicting, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by us or third-party service-providers to comply with our privacy or security policies or privacy-related legal obligations, or the failure or perceived failure by third-party apps with which our users choose to share their Fitbit data to comply with their privacy policies or privacy-related legal obligations as they relate to the Fitbit data shared with them, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personal data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, or negative publicity, and could have an adverse effect on our brand and operating results.20Table of Contents&#160;Certain health-related laws and regulations such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, may have an impact on our business. For example, in September 2015 we announced that we intend to offer HIPAA compliant capabilities to certain customers of our corporate wellness offerings who are &#8220;covered entities&#8221; under HIPAA, which may include our execution of Business Associate Agreements with such covered entities. In addition, changes in applicable laws and regulations may result in the user data we collect being deemed protected health information, or PHI, under HIPAA and HITECH. Furthermore, because we accept payment via credit cards, we are subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, or PCI DSS. If we are unable to comply with the applicable privacy and security requirements under HIPAA, HITECH, or PCI DSS, or we fail to comply with Business Associate Agreements that we enter into with covered entities, we could be subject to claims, legal liabilities, penalties, fines, and negative publicity, which could harm our operating results.&#160;Governments are continuing to focus on privacy and data security and it is possible that new privacy or data security laws will be passed or existing laws will be amended in a way that is material to our business. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding our users&#8217; data could require us to modify our services and features, possibly in a material manner, and may limit our ability to develop new products, services, and features. Although we have made efforts to design our policies, procedures, and systems to comply with the current requirements of applicable state, federal, and foreign laws, changes to applicable laws and regulations in this area could subject us to additional regulation and oversight, any of which could significantly increase our operating costs.&#160;
CONTENT_32:
We are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including laws and regulations regarding consumer protection, advertising, privacy, intellectual property, manufacturing, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions.The manufacturing, labeling, distribution, importation, marketing, and sale of our products are subject to extensive regulation by various U.S. state and federal and foreign agencies, including the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, or CPSC, FTC, FDA, Federal Communications Commission, and state attorneys general, as well as by various other federal, state, provincial, local, and international regulatory authorities in the countries in which our products and services are manufactured, distributed marketed or sold. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, we could become subject to enforcement actions or the imposition of significant monetary fines, other penalties, or claims, which could harm our operating results or our ability to conduct our business.&#160;The global nature of our business operations also create various domestic and foreign regulatory challenges and subject us to laws and regulations such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions, and our products are also subject to U.S. export controls, including the U.S. Department of Commerce&#8217;s Export Administration Regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations established by the Treasury Department&#8217;s Office of Foreign Assets Controls. If we become liable under these laws or regulations, we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain products or services, which would negatively affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits, regulatory proceedings, and legislative proposals could harm our brand or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Any costs incurred as a result of compliance or other liabilities under these laws or regulations could harm our business and operating results.&#160;
CONTENT_33:
&#160;We have entered into many international markets in a relatively short time and may enter into additional markets in the future. Outside of the United States, we currently have operations in Australia and a number of countries in Asia and Europe. There are significant costs and risks inherent in conducting business in international markets, including:&#8226;establishing and maintaining effective controls at foreign locations and the associated increased costs;&#8226;adapting our technologies, products, and services to non-U.S. consumers&#8217; preferences and customs;&#8226;variations in margins by geography;&#8226;increased competition from local providers of similar products;21Table of Contents&#8226;longer sales or collection cycles in some countries;&#8226;compliance with foreign laws and regulations;&#8226;compliance with the laws of numerous taxing jurisdictions where we conduct business, potential double taxation of our international earnings, and potentially adverse tax consequences due to U.S. and foreign tax laws as they relate to our international operations;&#8226;compliance with anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act, by us, our employees, and our business partners;&#8226;complexity and other risks associated with current and future foreign legal requirements, including legal requirements related to consumer protection, consumer product safety, and data privacy frameworks, such as the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation, and any applicable privacy and data protection laws in foreign jurisdictions where we currently conduct business or intend to conduct business in the future;&#8226;currency exchange rate fluctuations and related effects on our operating results;&#8226;economic and political instability in some countries, particularly those in China where we have expanded;&#8226;the uncertainty of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries and practical difficulties of enforcing rights abroad;&#8226;tariffs and customs duties and the classification of our products by applicable governmental bodies; and&#8226;other costs of doing business internationally.Our products are manufactured overseas and imported into the United States, the European Union, and other countries and may be subject to&#160;duties, tariffs and anti-dumping penalties&#160;imposed by applicable customs authorities. Those duties and tariffs are based on the classification of each of our products and is routinely subject to review by the applicable customs authorities. We are unable to predict whether those authorities will agree with our classifications and if those authorities do not agree with our classifications additional duties, tariffs or other trade restrictions may be imposed on the importation of our products. Such actions could result in increases in the cost of our products generally and might adversely affect our sales and profitability.These factors and other factors could harm our international operations and, consequently, materially impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. Further, we may incur significant operating expenses as a result of our international expansion, and it may not be successful. We have limited experience with regulatory environments and market practices internationally, and we may not be able to penetrate or successfully operate in new markets. We may also encounter difficulty expanding into new international markets because of limited brand recognition in certain parts of the world, leading to delayed acceptance of our products and services by users in these new international markets. If we are unable to continue to expand internationally and manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
CONTENT_34:
&#160;To date, substantially all of our revenue has been derived from sales of our wearable devices, and we expect to continue to derive the substantial majority of our revenue from sales of these devices for the foreseeable future. In 2016 and 2017, we derived less than 1% of our revenue from sales of our subscription-based premium services. However, in the future we expect to increase sales of subscriptions to these services. For example, in October 2017, we launched Fitbit Coach, our new premium guidance and coaching paid offering. If consumer reception is unfavorable or we are unable to successfully sell and market our premium services, we may be deprived of a potentially significant source of revenue in the future. In addition, sales of our premium services may lead to additional sales of our wearable devices and user engagement with our platform. As a result, our future growth and financial performance may depend, in part, on our ability to sell more subscriptions to our premium services.
CONTENT_35:
We are regularly subject to claims, lawsuits, including potential class actions, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, accessibility claims, securities, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters. The number and significance of these disputes and inquiries have increased as our company has grown larger, our business has expanded in scope and geographic reach, and our products and services have increased in complexity.The outcome and impact of such claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such investigations and proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that is subject to judgment calls. It is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could require us to make 22Table of Contentssubstantial payments to satisfy judgments, fines, or penalties or to settle claims or proceedings, any of which could harm our business. These proceedings could also result in reputational harm, criminal sanctions, or orders preventing us from offering certain products, or services, or requiring a change in our business practices in costly ways, or requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. Any of these consequences could harm our business.
CONTENT_36:
&#160;Our products and services may be considered discretionary items for consumers. Factors affecting the level of consumer spending for such discretionary items include general economic conditions, and other factors, such as consumer confidence in future economic conditions, fears of recession, the availability and cost of consumer credit, levels of unemployment, and tax rates. As global economic conditions continue to be volatile or economic uncertainty remains, including economic conditions resulting from recent volatility in European markets, trends in consumer discretionary spending also remain unpredictable and subject to reductions. Unfavorable economic conditions may lead consumers to delay or reduce purchases of our products and services and consumer demand for our products and services may not grow as we expect. Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in consumer demand for our products and services may have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
CONTENT_37:
&#160;Our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. dollar denominated sales and operating expenses worldwide. Weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, and generally leads us to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for our products. In some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, we may decide not to raise local prices to fully offset the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, or at all, which would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated sales and earnings. Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, while generally beneficial to our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, could cause us to reduce international pricing, incur losses on our foreign currency derivative instruments, and incur increased operating expenses, thereby limiting any benefit. Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies may also increase our cost of product components denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins.We use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. In addition, our counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreements. We seek to mitigate this risk by limiting counterparties to major financial institutions and by spreading the risk across several major financial institutions.
CONTENT_38:
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. These foreign jurisdictions have statutory tax rates different from those in the United States. Accordingly, our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, or by changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws, regulations, principles, and interpretations, or by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. As we operate in numerous taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws can be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions.
CONTENT_39:
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the 2017 Tax Act, was signed into law and includes several key tax provisions that affected us, including a reduction of the statutory corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, elimination of certain deductions, and changes to how the United States imposes income tax on multinational corporations, among others. The 2017 Tax Act requires complex computations to be performed that were not previously required in U.S. tax law, and preparation and analysis of information not previously required or regularly produced which will require significant judgment in interpreting accounting guidance for such items that is currently uncertain. We have provided our best estimate of the impact of the 2017 Tax Act in our year-end income tax provision in accordance with our understanding of the 2017 Tax Act. However, the interpretation of issued or future guidance on how provisions of the 2017 23Table of ContentsTax Act will be applied or otherwise administered by the U.S. Treasury Department, the Internal Revenue Services, and other standard-setting bodies could be different from our interpretation. As additional regulatory guidance is issued by the applicable taxing authorities, as accounting treatment is clarified, as we perform additional analysis on the application of the law, and as we refine estimates in calculating the effect, our final analysis, which will be recorded in the period completed, may be different from our current provisional amounts, which could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. In addition, foreign governments may enact tax laws in response to the 2017 Tax Act that could result in further changes to global taxation that may affect our financial position and results of operations in the future.
CONTENT_40:

CONTENT_41:

CONTENT_42:

CONTENT_43:

CONTENT_44:
&#160;We face product liability, product safety and product compliance risks relating to the marketing, sale, use, and performance of our products. The products we sell must be designed and manufactured to be safe for their intended purposes. Certain of our products must comply with certain federal and state laws and regulations. For example, some of our products are subject to the Consumer Product Safety Act and the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act, which empower the CPSC. The&#160;CPSC&#160;is empowered to take action against hazards presented by consumer products, up to and including product recalls. We are required to report certain incidents related to the safety and compliance of our products to the&#160;CPSC, and failure to do so could result in a civil penalty.Our products may, from time to time, be subject to recall for product safety and compliance reasons. For example, in March 2014, we recalled one of our products, the Fitbit Force, after some of our users experienced allergic reactions to adhesives in the wristband. These reactions included skin irritation, rashes, and blistering. The recall had a negative impact on our operating results, primarily in our fourth quarter of 2013, the first quarter of 2014, and the fourth quarter of 2015. We have provided and are continuing to provide full refunds to consumers who return the Fitbit Force. If returns of the Fitbit Force or other costs related to the recall are higher than anticipated, we will be required to increase our reserves related to the recall which would negatively impact our operating results in the future.&#160;The recall was conducted in conjunction with the CPSC, which monitored recall effectiveness and compliance. In addition to the financial impacts discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, this recall required us to collect a significant amount of information for the CPSC, which takes significant time and internal and external resources.&#160;A large number of lawsuits, including multi-jurisdiction complex federal and state class action and personal injury claims, were filed against us relating to the Fitbit Force. These litigation matters required significant attention of our management and resources and disrupted the ordinary course of our business operations. We have settled all of the class action lawsuits and related individual personal injury claims.&#160;In the fourth quarter of 2015, we received proceeds from the insurance policies that apply to 25Table of Contentsthese claims and related legal fees, and we recorded an accrual for liabilities arising under these claims that was immaterial and falls within the amount of the insurance proceeds received.&#160;In addition, the CPSC previously conducted an investigation into several of our products. Although the CPSC did not find a substantial product hazard, there can be no assurances that investigations will not be conducted or that product hazards or other defects will not be found in the future with respect to our products. The Fitbit Force product recall, regulatory proceedings, and litigation have had and may continue to have, and any future recalls, regulatory proceedings, and litigation could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results, and brand. Furthermore, because of the global nature of our product sales, in the event we experience defects with respect to products sold outside the United States, we could become subject to recalls, regulatory proceedings, and litigation by foreign governmental agencies and private litigants, which could significantly increase the costs of managing any product issues. Any ongoing and future regulatory proceedings or litigation, regardless of their merits, could further divert management&#8217;s attention from our operations and result in substantial legal fees and other costs.
CONTENT_45:
&#160;Medical devices, including our Aria scales, are regulated by the FDA and corresponding state regulatory agencies, and we may have future products that are regulated as medical devices by the FDA.&#160;The medical device industry in the United States is regulated by governmental authorities, principally the FDA and corresponding state regulatory agencies. Before we can market or sell a new regulated product or make a significant modification to an existing medical device in the United States, we must comply with FDA Quality Management System regulations, and must obtain regulatory clearance or approval from the FDA, unless an exemption from pre-market review applies. In addition, certain future software functionality, whether standalone or embedded in existing or future devices, may be regulated as a medical device and require pre-market review and approval by the FDA. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to market a medical device can be costly and time consuming, and we may not be able to obtain these clearances or approvals on a timely basis, or at all, for future products.&#160;Any delay in, or failure to receive or maintain, clearance or approval for any medical device products under development could prevent us from generating revenue from these products. Medical devices are also subject to numerous ongoing compliance requirements under the regulations of the FDA and corresponding state regulatory agencies, which can be costly and time consuming. For example, under FDA regulations medical device manufacturers are required to, among other things, (i) establish a quality management system to help ensure that their products consistently meet applicable requirements and specifications, (ii) establish and maintain procedures for receiving, reviewing, and evaluating complaints, (iii) establish and maintain a corrective and preventive action procedure, (iv) report certain device-related adverse events and product problems to the FDA, and (v) report to the FDA the removal or correction of a distributed product. If we experience any product problems requiring reporting to the FDA or if we otherwise fail to comply with applicable FDA regulations or the regulations of corresponding state regulatory agencies, with respect to our Aria scales or future regulated products, we could jeopardize our ability to sell our products and could be subject to enforcement actions such as fines, civil penalties, injunctions, recalls of products, delays in the introduction of products into the market, and refusal of the FDA or other regulators to grant future clearances or approvals, which could harm our reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition.
CONTENT_46:
&#160;We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and place strain on our personnel, systems, and resources.The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to make a formal assessment and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which must be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm. In order to maintain the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, resources, including accounting-related costs and management oversight.&#160;As disclosed in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we did not maintain effective controls over the accuracy of invoicing gross revenue. This represented a material weakness that did not result in the identification of any adjustments to our annual or interim consolidated financial statements. A&#160;material weakness&#160;is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual 26Table of Contentsor interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of the&#160;material weakness&#160;identified, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2017. Management is currently assessing a plan to remediate this material weakness. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely manner and such remediation efforts could require increased management time and attention and resources.Additional current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, additional weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to maintain or develop effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class&#160;A common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the New York Stock Exchange.&#160;
CONTENT_47:
&#160;Our business is vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins, and similar events. The third-party systems and operations and contract manufacturers we rely on, such as the data centers we lease, are subject to similar risks. For example, a significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire, or flood, could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. Our corporate offices and one of our data center facilities are located in California, a state that frequently experiences earthquakes. In addition, the facilities at which our contract manufacturers manufacture our products are located in parts of Asia that frequently endure typhoons and earthquakes. Acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that have higher population density than rural areas, could also cause disruptions in our or our suppliers&#8217;, contract manufacturers&#8217;, and logistics providers&#8217; businesses or the economy as a whole. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in some circumstances, such as natural disasters affecting California or other locations where we have data centers or store significant inventory of our products. As we rely heavily on our data center facilities, computer and communications systems, and the Internet to conduct our business and provide high-quality customer service, these disruptions could negatively impact our ability to run our business and either directly or indirectly disrupt suppliers&#8217; businesses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.&#160;
CONTENT_48:
&#160;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, inventories, product warranty reserves, business combinations, accounting for income taxes, and stock-based compensation expense. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the price of our Class&#160;A common stock.
CONTENT_49:
&#160;In December 2015, we amended and restated our existing revolving credit facility and revolving credit and guarantee agreement into one senior credit facility. We further amended this agreement in May 2017. Our credit agreement restricts our ability to, among other things:&#160;&#8226;use our accounts receivable, inventory, trademarks, and most of our other assets as security in other borrowings or transactions;27Table of Contents&#8226;incur additional indebtedness;&#8226;sell certain assets;&#8226;guarantee certain obligations of third parties;&#8226;declare dividends or make certain distributions; and&#8226;undergo a merger or consolidation or other transactions.Our credit agreement requires us to maintain a minimum liquidity reserve. Our ability to comply with these and other covenants is dependent upon a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control.&#160;Our failure to comply with the covenants or payment requirements, or the occurrence of other events specified in our credit agreement, could result in an event of default under the credit agreement, which would give our lenders the right to terminate their commitments to provide additional loans under the credit agreement and to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. In addition, we have granted our lenders first-priority liens against all of our assets, excluding our intellectual property, as collateral. Failure to comply with the covenants or other restrictions in the credit agreement could result in a default. If the debt under our credit agreement was to be accelerated, we may not have sufficient cash on hand or be able to sell sufficient collateral to repay it, which would have an immediate adverse effect on our business and operating results. This could potentially cause us to cease operations and result in a complete loss of your investment in our Class&#160;A common stock.
CONTENT_50:
&#160;Credit ratings and pricing of our investments can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, economic risk, political risk, sovereign risk, changes in interest rates, or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities may fluctuate substantially. Therefore, although we have not realized any significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, future fluctuations in their value could result in a significant realized loss, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.&#160;
CONTENT_51:

CONTENT_52:

CONTENT_53:

CONTENT_54:

CONTENT_55:

CONTENT_56:

CONTENT_57:

CONTENT_58:

