HEADER_1:
Adverse changes in the key end markets we target could harm our business by reducing our sales.
HEADER_2:
Our customers could experience credit problems, which could reduce our future revenues and net income.
HEADER_3:
We are subject to risks arising from our international operations.
HEADER_4:
We are subject to intense competition in the EMS industry which could cause us to lose sales and therefore hurt our financial performance.
HEADER_5:
We rely on a relatively small number of customers for a substantial portion of our sales, and declines in sales to these customers could reduce our net sales and net income.
HEADER_6:
Consolidation in the electronics industry may adversely affect our business by increasing customer buying power and increasing prices we pay for components.
HEADER_7:
Recruiting and retaining our key personnel is critical to the continued growth of our business.
HEADER_8:
Our strategy to pursue higher margin business depends in part on the success of our Components, Products and Services (CPS) business, which, if not successful, could cause our future gross margins and operating results to be lower.
HEADER_9:
Cancellations, reductions in production quantities, delays in production by our customers and changes in customer requirements could reduce our sales and net income.
HEADER_10:
We can experience losses due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, which could reduce our net income. 
HEADER_11:
If we are unable to maintain our technological and manufacturing process expertise, our business could be adversely affected.
HEADER_12:
Our operating results and cash generated from operations are subject to significant uncertainties, which can cause our future sales and net income to be variable.
HEADER_13:
Unanticipated changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could increase our taxes and decrease our net income; our projections of future taxable income driving the release of our valuation allowance could prove to be incorrect, which could cause a charge to earnings.
HEADER_14:
We may not have sufficient insurance coverage for potential claims and losses, which could leave us responsible for certain costs and damages.
HEADER_15:
Cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions of our IT network and systems could interrupt our operations.
HEADER_16:
We are subject to risks associated with natural disasters and global events.
HEADER_17:
Our supply chain is subject to risks that could increase our costs or cause us to delay shipments to customers, reducing our revenue and margins.
HEADER_18:
We may be unable to generate sufficient liquidity to expand our operations, which may reduce the business our customers and vendors are able to do with us; we could experience losses if one or more financial institutions holding our funds or other financial counterparties were to fail.
HEADER_19:
Our credit arrangements contain covenants which may adversely impact our business and the failure to comply with such covenants could cause our outstanding debt to become immediately payable.
HEADER_20:
Customer requirements to transfer business may increase our costs.
HEADER_21:
If we manufacture or design defective products, or if our manufacturing processes do not comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, we could be subject to claims, damages and fines and lose customers.
HEADER_22:
We are subject to a number of U.S. governmental procurement rules and regulations, the failure to comply with which could result in damages or reduction of future revenue.
HEADER_23:
Allegations of failure to comply with domestic or international employment and related laws could result in the payment of significant damages, which would reduce our net income.
HEADER_24:
Any failure to comply with applicable environmental laws could adversely affect our business by causing us to pay significant amounts for cleanup of hazardous materials or for damages or fines.
HEADER_25:
We may not be successful in implementing and integrating strategic transactions or in divesting assets or businesses, which could harm our operating results; goodwill and other assets, if impaired, could lead to a non-cash charge to earnings.
HEADER_26:
If we are unable to protect our intellectual property or infringe, or are alleged to infringe, upon intellectual property of others, we could be required to pay significant amounts in costs or damages.
HEADER_27:
Changes in financial accounting standards or policies have affected, and in the future may affect, our reported financial condition or results of operations; there are inherent limitations to our system of internal controls; changes in securities laws and regulations have increased, and are likely to continue to increase, our operating costs
HEADER_28:
The market price of our common stock is volatile and is impacted by factors other than our financial performance.
