HEADER_1:
We generate the substantial majority of our revenue from advertising. The loss of advertising revenue could harm our business. 
HEADER_2:
We depend on highly skilled personnel to grow and operate our business, and 
HEADER_3:
we are unable to hire, retain and motivate our personnel, we
HEADER_4:
 may not be able to grow effectively. 
HEADER_5:
We have incurred signif
HEADER_6:
icant operating losses in the past, and we may not be able to maintain profitability. 
HEADER_7:
Our new products, product features, services and initiatives and changes to existing products, services and initiatives could fail to attract users, 
HEADER_8:
content partners, advertisers and platform partners
HEADER_9:
We focus on product innovation and user engagement rather than short-term operating results. 
HEADER_10:
If we are unable to maintai
HEADER_11:
n and promote our brand, our business and operating results may be harmed. 
HEADER_12:
Action by governments to restrict access to our products and services or censor Twitter content could harm our business and operating results. 
HEADER_13:
Regulatory investigations and settlements could cause us to incur additional expenses or change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business. 
HEADER_14:
We are currently, and expect to be in the future, party to in
HEADER_15:
tellectual property rights claims that are expensive and time consuming to defend, and, if resolved adversely, could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. 
HEADER_16:
Many of our products and services contain open source software, and we license some of our software through open source projects, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software, products, and services in a manner that could have a negative eff
HEADER_17:
ect on our business. 
HEADER_18:
More people are using devices other than personal computers to access the Internet and new platforms to produce and consume co
HEADER_19:
ntent, and we need to continue to promote the adoption of our mobile applications, and our business and operating results may be harmed if we are unable to do so. 
HEADER_20:
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities, which could adversely impact our operating results. 
HEADER_21:
Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
HEADER_22:
The market price of our common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
