HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
In evaluating NVIDIA and our business, the following factors should be considered in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Before you buy our common stock, you should know that making such an investment involves risks including, but not limited to, the risks described below. Any one of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation, which could cause our stock price to decline, and you may lose all or a part of your investment. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Partners
HEADER_4:
If we fail to meet the evolving needs of our markets, or identify new products, services or technologies, our revenue and financial results may be adversely impacted.
HEADER_5:
Competition in our current and target markets could prevent us from growing our revenue.
HEADER_6:
System security and data protection breaches, as well as cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our expected revenue and increase our expenses, which could adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation.
HEADER_7:
If our products contain significant defects, we could incur significant expenses to remediate such defects, our reputation could be damaged, and we could lose market share.
HEADER_8:
We depend on third parties and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test and/or package our products, which reduces our control over product quantity and quality, manufacturing yields, development, enhancement and product delivery schedule and could harm our business.
HEADER_9:
Business disruptions could harm our business, lead to a decline in revenues and increase our costs.
HEADER_10:
If we fail to estimate customer demand properly, our financial results could be harmed.
HEADER_11:
We are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with international operations, which may harm our business.
HEADER_12:
If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively. 
HEADER_13:
We may not be able to realize the potential financial or strategic benefits of business acquisitions or strategic investments and we may not be able to successfully integrate acquisition targets, which could hurt our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products.
HEADER_14:
Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Common Stock and Other Matters
HEADER_15:
Actions to adequately protect our IP rights could result in substantial costs to us and our ability to compete could be harmed if we are unsuccessful in doing so or if we are prohibited from making or selling our products.
HEADER_16:
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline.
HEADER_17:
Privacy concerns relating to our products and services could damage our reputation, deter current and potential users from using our products and services, result in liability, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings.
HEADER_18:
We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities and our operating results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected tax rates.
HEADER_19:
Our business is exposed to the risks associated with litigation, investigations and regulatory proceedings.
HEADER_20:
Delaware law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and our agreement with Microsoft Corporation could delay or prevent a change in control.
