HEADER_1:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_2:
As the markets for our server and desktop virtualization products have matured we have been increasingly developing and marketing products and services targeted toward the delivery, management and automation of information technology (“IT”) infrastructure, platforms and services through cloud-based solutions. If businesses do not find our cloud computing solutions compelling, our revenue growth and operating margins will decline. 
HEADER_3:
The large majority of our revenues have come from our server virtualization products including our flagship VMware vSphere product line. Decreases in demand for our server virtualization products could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
HEADER_4:
We expect to face increasing competition that could result in a loss of customers, reduced revenues or decreased operating margins.
HEADER_5:
Industry alliances or consolidation may result in increased competition.
HEADER_6:
Our new product and technology initiatives subject us to additional business, legal and competitive risks. 
HEADER_7:
Our vCloud Air offering relies upon a number of third-party providers for data center space, equipment, maintenance and other colocation services, and the loss of, or problems with, one or more of these providers may impede the growth of our vCloud Air offerings, adversely impact our plans to expand the service and damage our reputation.
HEADER_8:
Ongoing uncertainty regarding global economic conditions and the stability of regional financial markets may reduce information technology spending below current expectations and therefore adversely impact our revenues, impede end-user adoption of new products and services and product and service upgrades, and adversely impact our competitive position.
HEADER_9:
Our revenues, unearned revenues, collection of accounts receivable and financial results may be adversely impacted by fluctuation of foreign currency exchange rates. Although foreign currency hedges can offset some of the risk related to foreign currency fluctuations, we will continue to experience foreign currency gains and losses in certain instances where it is not possible or cost effective to hedge our foreign currency exposures.
HEADER_10:
We may not be able to respond to rapid technological changes with new solutions and services offerings, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
HEADER_11:
Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future results difficult to predict and may result in our operating results falling below expectations or our guidance and cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline.
HEADER_12:
The failure by customers to renew large license agreement transactions on a satisfactory basis could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.
HEADER_13:
Our current research and development efforts may not produce significant revenues for several years, if at all.
HEADER_14:
Our products and services are sold using ELAs and through our transactional business, and this strategy may not drive long-term sales and revenue growth.
HEADER_15:
Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, our sales efforts require considerable time and expense, and timing of sales is subject to changing purchasing behaviors of our customers. As a result, our sales are difficult to predict and may vary substantially from quarter to quarter, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly.
HEADER_16:
We are dependent on our management and our key development personnel, and the loss of key personnel may prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner.
HEADER_17:
Because competition for our target employees is intense, we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled employees we need to support our planned growth, and our compensation expenses may increase.
HEADER_18:
Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, enhance our existing products and services and develop appropriate business and pricing models.
HEADER_19:
Breaches of our cybersecurity systems could degrade our ability to conduct our business operations and deliver products and services to our customers, delay our ability to recognize revenue, compromise the integrity of our software products, result in significant data losses and the theft of our intellectual property, damage our reputation, expose us to liability to third parties, and require us to incur significant additional costs to maintain the security of our networks and data.
HEADER_20:
Our products and services are highly technical and may contain errors, defects or security vulnerabilities which could cause harm to our reputation and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_21:
Operating in foreign countries subjects us to additional risks that may harm our ability to increase or maintain our international sales operations and investments.
HEADER_22:
Failure to effectively manage our product and service lifecycles could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.
HEADER_23:
If operating system and hardware vendors do not cooperate with us or we are unable to obtain early access to their new products, or access to certain information about their new products to ensure that our solutions interoperate with those products, our product development efforts may be delayed or foreclosed.
HEADER_24:
We rely on distributors, resellers, system vendors and systems integrators to sell our products and services, and our failure to effectively develop, manage or prevent disruptions to our distribution channels and the processes and procedures that support them could cause a reduction in the number of end users of our products and services.
HEADER_25:
The concentration of our product sales among a limited number of distributors increases our potential credit risk. Additionally, weakness in credit markets could affect the ability of our distributors, resellers and customers to comply with the terms of credit we provide in the ordinary course of business. Accordingly, if our distributors, resellers and customers find it difficult to obtain credit or comply with the terms of their credit obligations, it could cause significant fluctuations or declines in our product revenues.
HEADER_26:
We may become involved in litigation and regulatory inquiries and proceedings that could negatively affect us.
HEADER_27:
Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations regarding data protection.
HEADER_28:
If we fail to comply with our customer contracts or government contracting regulations, our business could be adversely affected. 
HEADER_29:
If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed or we could be required to incur significant expenses to enforce our rights.
HEADER_30:
We provide access to our hypervisor and other selected source code to partners, which creates additional risk that our competitors could develop products that are similar to or better than ours.
HEADER_31:
We are, and may in the future be, subject to claims by others that we infringe or contribute to the infringement of their proprietary technology, which could force us to pay damages or prevent us from using certain technology in our products. 
HEADER_32:
Our use of “open source” software in our products could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation. 
HEADER_33:
We offer a number of products under open source licenses that subject us to additional risks and challenges, which could result in increased development expenses, delays or disruptions to the release or distribution of those software solutions, and increased competition.
HEADER_34:
Acquisitions could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_35:
If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 
HEADER_36:
If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock.
HEADER_37:
Problems with our information systems could interfere with our business and could adversely impact our operations.
HEADER_38:
Our financial results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected tax rates, and we may have exposure to additional tax liabilities.
HEADER_39:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, floods and other natural catastrophic events such as pandemics, and to interruption by man-made problems, such as computer viruses, unanticipated disruptions in local infrastructure or terrorism, which could result in delays or cancellations of customer orders or the deployment of our products and services.
HEADER_40:
Changes in accounting principles and guidance, or their interpretation, could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects, including changes to our previously-filed financial statements, which could cause our stock price to decline.
HEADER_41:
Risks Related to Our Relationship with EMC
HEADER_42:
As long as EMC controls us, or Class B common stock remains outstanding, other holders of our Class A common stock will have limited ability to influence matters requiring stockholder approval.
HEADER_43:
Our business and that of EMC overlap, and EMC may compete with us, which could reduce our market share.
HEADER_44:
EMC’s competition in certain markets may affect our ability to build and maintain partnerships.
HEADER_45:
Our investment in Pivotal Software, Inc. (
HEADER_46:
) may not prove successful. 
HEADER_47:
In order to preserve the ability for EMC to distribute its shares of our Class B common stock on a tax-free basis, we may be prevented from pursuing opportunities to raise capital, to effectuate acquisitions or to provide equity incentives to our employees, which could hurt our ability to grow.
HEADER_48:
Third parties may seek to hold us responsible for liabilities of EMC, which could result in a decrease in our income.
HEADER_49:
Although we have entered into a tax sharing agreement with EMC under which our tax liabilities for most transactions will effectively be determined as if we were not part of any consolidated, combined or unitary tax group of EMC Corporation or its subsidiaries, we nonetheless could be held liable for the tax liabilities of other members of these groups.
HEADER_50:
Any inability to resolve favorably any disputes that arise between us and EMC with respect to our past and ongoing relationships may result in a significant reduction of our revenues and earnings.
HEADER_51:
Our CEO and some of our directors own EMC common stock or equity awards to acquire EMC common stock, and some of our directors hold management positions with EMC, which could cause conflicts of interests that result in our not acting on opportunities we otherwise may have.
HEADER_52:
EMC’s ability to control our board of directors may make it difficult for us to recruit independent directors.
HEADER_53:
We are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the New York Stock Exchange rules and, as a result, are relying on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection to stockholders of companies that are not “controlled companies.”
HEADER_54:
Our historical financial information as a majority-owned subsidiary of EMC may not be representative of the results of a completely independent public company.
HEADER_55:
Risks Related to Owning Our Class A Common Stock
HEADER_56:
The price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future.
HEADER_57:
If securities or industry analysts change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_58:
Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain anti-takeover provisions that could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable.
