HEADER_1:
Risks Related to the Acquisition of the CRM Business from IBM 
HEADER_2:
We may not be able to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of the IBM CRM business if we fail to integrate this business successfully, which could reduce our profitability and adversely affect our stock price. 
HEADER_3:
We have significantly expanded the geographic reach of our Concentrix business with our acquisition of the IBM CRM business, and this expansion exposes us to additional geopolitical risks that could adversely affect our business and results from operations. 
HEADER_4:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_5:
We anticipate that our revenue and operating results will fluctuate, which could adversely affect the enterprise value of our Company and our securities.
HEADER_6:
In our Technology Solutions segment, we depend on a small number of OEMs to supply the IT and CE products and services that we sell and the loss of, or a material change in, our business relationship with a major OEM supplier, could adversely affect our business, financial position and operating results. 
HEADER_7:
In our Technology Solutions segment our gross margins are low, which magnifies the impact of variations in gross margin, operating costs and bad debt on our operating results. 
HEADER_8:
We are subject to uncertainties and variability in demand by our Technology Solutions customers, which could decrease revenue and adversely affect our operating results. 
HEADER_9:
We are subject to the risk that our inventory value may decline, and protective terms under our OEM supplier agreements may not adequately cover the decline in value, which in turn may harm our business, financial position and operating results.
HEADER_10:
We depend on OEM suppliers to maintain an adequate supply of products to fulfill customer orders on a timely basis, and any supply shortages or delays could cause us to be unable to timely fulfill orders, which in turn could harm our business, financial position and operating results. 
HEADER_11:
Our systems design and integration solutions business has customer concentration and intense competition which could adversely impact our revenue. 
HEADER_12:
The market for CE products that we distribute is characterized by short product life cycles. Increased competition for limited retailer shelf space, decreased promotional support from resellers or retailers or increased popularity of downloadable or online content and services could adversely impact our revenue. 
HEADER_13:
The terms and conditions of our customer contracts within our Concentrix segment, including the CRM business acquired from IBM, contain provisions which, if triggered, could cause fluctuations in our revenue, which in turn would adversely affect our financial results. 
HEADER_14:
Our Concentrix business, including the CRM business acquired from IBM, is subject to dynamic changes in business model and competition, which in turn could cause our Concentrix operations to suffer. 
HEADER_15:
If we are unable to hire and retain employees with domain expertise for our Concentrix business, our operations will be disrupted, and such disruption may impact our ability to manage our costs, which in turn could impact our profitability. 
HEADER_16:
If we fail to effectively provide our operations services to our clients in the Concentrix business, client relations may suffer, which in turn may adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.
HEADER_17:
If we are unable to successfully manage our delivery centers, our results of operations could be adversely affected and we may not fully realize the anticipated benefits of our recent acquisitions.
HEADER_18:
Changes in foreign exchange rates and limitations on the convertibility of foreign currencies could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
HEADER_19:
Because we conduct substantial operations in China, risks associated with economic, political and social events in China could negatively affect our business and operating results. 
HEADER_20:
We may have higher than anticipated tax liabilities.
HEADER_21:
We have pursued and intend to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions or investments in new markets and may encounter risks associated with these activities, which could harm our business and operating results. 
HEADER_22:
Because of the capital-intensive nature of our business, we need continued access to capital, which if not available to us or if not available on favorable terms, could harm our ability to operate or expand our business. 
HEADER_23:
The terms of our debt arrangements impose significant restrictions on our ability to operate which in turn could negatively affect our ability to respond to business and market conditions and therefore could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
HEADER_24:
We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations, which could adversely affect our business. 
HEADER_25:
If the interest rates on our borrowings increase, our access to capital and net income could be adversely affected.
HEADER_26:
A portion of our revenue is financed by floor plan financing companies and any termination or reduction in these financing arrangements could increase our financing costs and harm our business and operating results. 
HEADER_27:
We have significant credit exposure to our customers, and negative trends in their businesses could cause us significant credit loss and negatively impact our cash flow and liquidity position. 
HEADER_28:
We are dependent on a variety of IT and telecommunications systems and the Internet, and any failure of these systems could adversely impact our business and operating results. 
HEADER_29:
We rely on independent shipping companies for delivery of products, and price increases or service interruptions from these carriers could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
HEADER_30:
Because of the experience of our key personnel in the IT, CE and the BPO CRM service industries and their technological and industry expertise, if we were to lose any of our key personnel, it could inhibit our ability to operate and grow our business successfully. 
HEADER_31:
We may experience theft of product from our warehouses, water damage to our properties and other casualty events which could harm our operating results. 
HEADER_32:
We may become involved in intellectual property or other disputes that could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert the efforts of our management, and require us to pay substantial damages or require us to obtain a license, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
HEADER_33:
We have significant operations concentrated in North America, Asia, Europe and Australia and any disruption in the operations of our facilities could harm our business and operating results. 
HEADER_34:
Global health and economic, political and social conditions may harm our ability to do business, increase our costs and negatively affect our stock price. 
HEADER_35:
Part of our business is conducted outside of the United States, exposing us to additional risks that may not exist in the United States, which in turn could cause our business and operating results to suffer. 
HEADER_36:
Risks Related to Our Relationship with MiTAC Holdings Corporation
HEADER_37:
The concentration of ownership of our common stock among our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders could allow them to influence all matters requiring stockholder approval and could delay or prevent a change in control of SYNNEX. 
HEADER_38:
There could be potential conflicts of interest between us and MiTAC Holdings and its affiliates, which could affect our business and operating results. 
HEADER_39:
Risks Related to Our Industry
HEADER_40:
Volatility in the IT and CE industries could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.
HEADER_41:
We are subject to intense competition in the Technology Solutions and Concentrix businesses, both in the United States and internationally, and if we fail to compete successfully, we will be unable to gain or retain market share. 
HEADER_42:
Our business may be adversely affected by some OEM suppliers’ strategies to increase their direct sales, which in turn could cause our business and operating results to suffer.
HEADER_43:
OEMs could limit the number of supply chain service providers with which they do business, which in turn could negatively impact our business and operating results.
HEADER_44:
The IT and CE industries are subject to rapidly changing technologies and process developments, and we may not be able to adequately adjust our business to these changes, which in turn would harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_45:
Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expense and affect our operations. 
HEADER_46:
If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected, which in turn could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
HEADER_47:
Changes to financial accounting standards may affect our results of operations and cause us to change our business practices. 
