HEADER_1:
Global economic and political conditions may further impact our business, financial results and financial condition.
HEADER_2:
If we fail to successfully manage our business model transition to cloud-based products and more flexible product licenses, our results of operations could be negatively impacted.
HEADER_3:
Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance, costs related to product defects, and large expenditures, each of which may not result in additional net revenue or could result in decreased net revenue.
HEADER_4:
Revenue from our offerings may be difficult to predict during our business model transition.
HEADER_5:
We may not be able to predict subscription renewal rates and their impact on our future revenue and operating results.
HEADER_6:
We are dependent on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant regulatory, global economic, intellectual property, collections, currency exchange rate, taxation, political instability and other risks, which could adversely impact our financial results.
HEADER_7:
Actions that we are taking to restructure our business in alignment with our business model transition strategy may be costly and may not be as effective as anticipated.
HEADER_8:
Our software is highly complex and may contain undetected errors, defects or vulnerabilities, each of which could harm our business and financial performance.
HEADER_9:
Existing and increased competition and rapidly evolving technological changes may reduce our revenue and profits.
HEADER_10:
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows.
HEADER_11:
A breach of security in our products, services or computer systems may compromise the integrity of our products or services, harm our reputation, create additional liability and adversely impact our financial results.
HEADER_12:
Changes in laws or regulations related to the Internet, local data storage or related to privacy and data security concerns may impact our business or expose us to increased liability.
HEADER_13:
Increasing regulatory focus on privacy issues could impact our new business models and expose us to increased liability.
HEADER_14:
We rely on third-parties to provide us with a number of operational services, including hosting and delivery and certain of our customer services and other operations and processing of data; any interruption or delay in service from these third parties, breaches of security or privacy could expose us to liability, harm our reputation and adversely impact our financial performance.
HEADER_15:
If we do not maintain good relationships with the members of our distribution channel, or achieve anticipated levels of sell-through, our ability to generate revenue will be adversely affected. If our distribution channel suffers financial losses, becomes financially unstable or insolvent, or is not provided the right mix of incentives to sell our products, our ability to generate revenue will be adversely affected.
HEADER_16:
A significant portion of our revenue is generated through maintenance revenue; if decreases in maintenance revenue are not offset by increases in new model subscription revenue, our future revenue and financial results will be negatively impacted.
HEADER_17:
Our financial results fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to quarter making our future revenue and financial results difficult to predict.
HEADER_18:
Our business could suffer as a result of risks, costs, charges and integration risks associated with strategic acquisitions and investments.
HEADER_19:
Because we derive a substantial portion of our net revenue from a small number of products, including our AutoCAD-based software products and collections, if these products are not successful, our revenue will be adversely affected.
HEADER_20:
If we are not able to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_21:
We may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be costly to defend and result in the loss of significant rights.
HEADER_22:
From time to time we realign or introduce new business and sales initiatives; if we fail to successfully execute and manage these initiatives, our results of operations could be negatively impacted.
HEADER_23:
If we fail to remediate the material weakness identified in our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial and operating reporting may be adversely affected and could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price.
HEADER_24:
Net revenue, billings, earnings or subscriptions shortfalls or the volatility of the market generally may cause the market price of our stock to decline.
HEADER_25:
Our CEO transition may cause uncertainty regarding the future of our business and impact employee hiring and retention.
HEADER_26:
Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel.
HEADER_27:
Our investment portfolio consists of a variety of investment vehicles in a number of countries that are subject to interest rate trends, market volatility, and other economic factors. If general economic conditions decline, this could cause the credit ratings of our investments to deteriorate, illiquidity in the financial marketplace, and we may experience a decline in interest income and an inability to sell our investments, leading to impairment in the value of our investments.
HEADER_28:
We are subject to legal proceedings and regulatory inquiries, and we may be named in additional legal proceedings or become involved in regulatory inquiries in the future, all of which are costly, distracting to our core business and could result in an unfavorable outcome, or a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the trading prices for our securities.
HEADER_29:
Changes in existing financial accounting standards or practices, or taxation rules or practices may adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_30:
We are investing in resources to update and improve our information technology systems. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems disrupt our operations, our business model transition could be compromised and our business could be harmed.
HEADER_31:
In preparing our financial statements we make certain assumptions, judgments and estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements, which, if not accurate, may significantly impact our financial results.
HEADER_32:
We are subject to risks related to taxation in multiple jurisdictions. 
HEADER_33:
We rely on third party technologies and if we are unable to use or integrate these technologies, our product and service development may be delayed and our financial results negatively impacted.
HEADER_34:
Disruptions with licensing relationships and third party developers could adversely impact our business.
HEADER_35:
As a result of our strategy of partnering with other companies for product development, our product delivery schedules could be adversely affected if we experience difficulties with our product development partners.
HEADER_36:
Our business may be significantly disrupted upon the occurrence of a catastrophic event.
HEADER_37:
If we were required to record an impairment charge related to the value of our long-lived assets, or an additional valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, our results of operations would be adversely affected.
HEADER_38:
 aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes in debt offerings and have an existing $
HEADER_39:
 revolving credit facility, and expect to incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results.
