CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:
Our quarterly results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. Over the past eight fiscal quarters, our revenue has ranged from $124.6 million to $186.3 million and our operating income (loss) has ranged from income of $12.9 million to a loss of $14.9 million. In fiscal years prior to the fiscal year ended December 27, 2014, we had significant operating losses and there is no guarantee that we will be able to sustain profitability in the future. As of December 27, 2014, our accumulated deficit was $590.8 million. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Our budgeted expense levels are based, in large part, on our expectations of future revenue and the development efforts associated with these future revenue. Given the relatively fixed nature of our operating costs including those relating to our personnel and facilities, particularly for our engineering personnel, any substantial adjustment to our expenses to account for lower levels of revenue will be difficult and may take time. Consequently, if our revenue does not meet projected levels in the short-term, our inventory levels and operating expenses would be high relative to revenue, resulting in potential operating losses.In addition to other risks discussed in this section, factors that may contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly results include:&#8226;fluctuations in demand, sales cycles and prices for products and services, including discounts given in response to competitive pricing pressures;&#8226;fluctuations in our customer or product mix, including the impact of new customer deployments, which typically carry lower gross margins;&#8226;changes in customers&#8217; budgets for optical transport network equipment purchases and changes in their purchasing cycles;&#8226;order cancellations or reductions or delays in delivery schedules by our customers;&#8226;the payment terms offered to our customers;&#8226;our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses and the costs of components we purchase for our products;&#8226;readiness of customer sites for installation of our products;&#8226;the timing of product releases or upgrades by us or by our competitors. &#8226;any significant changes in the competitive dynamics of our market, including any new entrants, or customer or competitor consolidation;&#8226;availability of third party suppliers to provide contract engineering and installation services for us;&#8226;the timing of recognizing revenue in any given quarter, including the impact of revenue recognition standards and any future changes in United States generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP") or new interpretations of existing accounting rules; &#8226;the impact of a significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, severe weather, or tsunami or other flooding, as well as interruptions or shortages in the supply of utilities such as water and electricity, in a key location such as our Northern California facilities, which is located near major earthquake fault lines and in a designated flood zone; and&#8226;general economic conditions in domestic and international markets.13Table of ContentsMany factors affecting our results of operations are beyond our control and make it difficult to predict our results for a particular quarter or to accurately predict future revenue beyond a one-quarter time horizon. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts or below any guidance we provide to the market, the price of our common stock may decline substantially.
CONTENT_4:
Our gross margin fluctuates from period-to-period and vary by customer and by product specification. Over the past eight fiscal quarters, our gross margin has ranged from 34% to 48%. Our gross margin is likely to continue to fluctuate and will be affected by a number of factors, including:&#8226;the mix in any period of the types of customers purchasing our products as well as the product mix;&#8226;significant new customer deployments, often with a higher portion of lower margin common equipment as we try to build footprint;&#8226;price discounts negotiated by our customers;&#8226;charges for excess or obsolete inventory;&#8226;changes in the price or availability of components for our products;&#8226;changes in our manufacturing costs, including fluctuations in yields and production volumes; and&#8226;increased warranty or repair costs.It is likely that the average unit prices of our products will decrease over time in response to competitive pricing pressures, increased negotiated sales discounts, new product introductions by us or our competitors or other factors. In addition, some of our customer contracts contain annual discounts that require us to decrease the sales price of our products to these customers. In response, we will need to reduce the cost of our products through manufacturing efficiencies, design improvements and cost reductions. If these efforts are not successful or if we are unable to reduce our costs to a greater extent than the reduction in the price of our products, our revenue and gross margin will decline, causing our operating results to decline. Fluctuations in gross margin may make it difficult to manage our business and achieve or maintain profitability.
CONTENT_5:
The markets in which we compete are extremely competitive and have resulted in aggressive business tactics by our competitors, including:&#8226;aggressively pricing their optical transport products and other portfolio products, including offering significant one-time discounts and guaranteed future price decreases;&#8226;offering optical products at a substantial discount or free when bundled together with the customers' router or wireless equipment spend;&#8226;providing financing, marketing and advertising assistance to customers;&#8226;influencing customer requirements to emphasize different product capabilities, which better suit their products;&#8226;offering to repurchase our equipment from existing customers; and&#8226;asserting intellectual property rights.The level of competition and pricing pressure tend to increase when competing for larger high-profile opportunities or during periods of economic weakness when there are fewer network build-out projects. If we fail to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, or if our current or future competitors continue or expand aggressive business tactics, including those described above, demand for our products could decline, we could experience delays or cancellations of customer orders, or we could be required to reduce our prices to compete in the market.14Table of Contents
CONTENT_6:
Our future success depends on factors that increase the amount of data transmitted over communications networks and the growth of optical transport networks to meet the increased demand for optical capacity. These factors include the growth of mobility, video, cloud-based services, increased broadband connectivity and the continuing adoption of high-capacity, revenue-generating services. If demand for such bandwidth does not continue, or slows down, the need for increased bandwidth across networks and the market for optical communications network products may not continue to grow and our product sales would be negatively impacted.&#160;In addition, if general economic conditions weaken, our customers and potential customers may slow or delay their purchase decisions, which would have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
CONTENT_7:
Because our products are based on complex technology, including, in some cases, the development of next-generation PICs and specialized ASICs, we may experience unanticipated delays in developing, improving, manufacturing or deploying these products. The development process for our PICs is lengthy, and any modifications to our PICs, including the development of our next-generation PICs, entail significant development cost and risks.At any given time, various new product introductions and enhancements to our existing products, such as future products based on our next-generation PICs, are in the development phase and are not yet ready for commercial manufacturing or deployment. We rely on third parties, some of which are relatively early stage companies, to develop and manufacture components for our next-generation products, which can require custom development. The maturing process from laboratory prototype to customer trials, and subsequently to general availability, involves a significant number of simultaneous development efforts. These efforts often must be completed in a timely manner so that they may be introduced into the product development cycle for our systems, and include:&#8226;completion of product development, including the completion of any associated PIC development, such as our next-generation PICs, and the completion of associated module development, including modules developed by third parties;&#8226;the qualification and multiple sourcing of critical components;&#8226;validation of manufacturing methods and processes;&#8226;extensive quality assurance and reliability testing and staffing of testing infrastructure;&#8226;validation of software; and&#8226;establishment of systems integration and systems test validation requirements.Each of these steps, in turn, presents risks of failure, rework or delay, any one of which could decrease the speed and scope of product introduction and marketplace acceptance of our products. New generations of our PICs, specialized ASICs and intensive software testing are important to the timely introduction of new products and enhancements to our existing products, and are subject to these development risks. In addition, unexpected intellectual property disputes, failure of critical design elements, and a host of other development execution risks may delay, or even prevent, the introduction of new products or enhancements to our existing products. If we do not develop and successfully introduce or enhance products in a timely manner, our competitive position will suffer. In addition, if we do not develop and successfully introduce or enhance products in sufficient time so as to satisfy our customer&#8217;s expectations, we may lose future business from such customers and harm our reputation and our customer relationships, either of which would harm our business and operating results.15Table of Contents
CONTENT_8:
Competition in the optical transport equipment market is intense, and we expect such competition to increase. In the long-haul market, our main competitors include current WDM suppliers, such as Alcatel-Lucent, Ciena, Coriant, Huawei and ZTE. These companies have historically set the competitive benchmarks for price and functionality. In the metro cloud market, our potential competitors include well established companies as well as a number of smaller public and private companies that have announced plans to develop or have developed products that would compete with us in this market. Competition in these markets is based on price, commercial terms, functionality, manufacturing capability, existing business and customer relationships, scalability and quality of services to meet our customers&#8217; immediate and future network requirements. In addition to the current competitors, other companies have, or may in the future develop, products that are or could be competitive with our products. In particular, if a competitor develops a photonic integrated circuit with similar functionality to our PICs, our business could be harmed. We also expect to encounter further consolidation in the markets in which we compete. Consolidation among our competitors could lead to a changing competitive landscape, capabilities and market share, which could harm our results of operations.Some of our competitors have substantially greater name recognition and technical, financial and marketing resources along with better established relationships with incumbent carriers and other potential customers than we have. Many of our competitors have more resources to develop or acquire, and more experience in developing or acquiring, new products and technologies and in creating market awareness for those products and technologies. In addition, many of our competitors have the financial resources to offer competitive products at aggressive pricing levels that could prevent us from competing effectively. Further, many of our competitors have built long-standing relationships with some of our prospective customers and have the ability to provide financing to customers and could, therefore, have an inherent advantage in selling products to those customers.We also compete with low-cost producers from China that can increase pricing pressure on us and a number of smaller companies that provide competition for a specific product, customer segment or geographic market. These competitors often base their products on the latest available technologies. Due to the narrower focus of their efforts, these competitors may achieve commercial availability of their products more quickly than we can and may provide attractive alternatives to our customers.
CONTENT_9:
Substantial changes in the optical transport networking industry have occurred over the last few years. Many potential customers have confronted static or declining revenue. Many of our customers have substantial debt burdens, many have experienced financial distress, and some have gone out of business, been acquired by other service providers, or announced their withdrawal from segments of the business. Consolidation in the markets in which we compete has resulted in changes in the structure of the communications networking industry, with greater concentration of purchasing power in a small number of large service providers, cable operators and ICPs. The increased concentration among our customer base may also lead to increased competition for new network deployments and increased negotiating power for our customers. This may require us to decrease our average selling prices, which would have an adverse impact on our operating results.Further, many of our customers are large service providers that have substantial purchasing power and leverage in negotiating contractual arrangements with us. Our customers have and may continue to seek advantageous pricing, payment and other commercial terms. We have and may continue to be required to agree to unfavorable commercial terms with these customers, including reducing the average selling price of our products or agreeing to extended payment terms in response to these commercial requirements or competitive pricing pressures. To maintain acceptable operating results, we will need to comply with these commercial terms, develop and introduce new products and product enhancements on a timely basis and continue to reduce our costs.16Table of Contents
CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:
We are required to generate forecasts of future demand for our products several months prior to the scheduled delivery to our prospective customers. This requires us to make significant investments before we know if corresponding revenue will be recognized. Lead times for materials and components, including ASICs, that we need to order for the manufacture of our products vary significantly and depend on factors such as the specific supplier, contract terms and demand for each component at a given time. In the past, we have experienced lengthening in lead times for certain components. If the lead times for components are lengthened, we may be required to purchase increased levels of such components to satisfy our delivery commitments to our customers.If we overestimate market demand for our products and, as a result, increase our inventory in anticipation of customer orders that do not materialize, we will have excess inventory, which could result in increased risk of obsolescence and significant inventory write-downs. Furthermore, this will result in reduced production volumes and our fixed costs will be spread across fewer units, increasing our per unit costs. If we underestimate demand for our products, we will have inadequate inventory, which could slow down or interrupt the manufacturing of our products and result in delays in shipments and our ability to recognize revenue. In addition, we may be unable to meet our supply commitments to customers, which could result in a loss of certain customer opportunities or a breach of our customer agreements resulting in payment of damages.
CONTENT_13:
We rely on third party contract manufacturers to perform a significant portion of the manufacturing of our products, and our future success will depend on our ability to have sufficient volumes of our products manufactured in a cost-effective and quality-controlled manner. We have engaged third parties to manufacture certain elements of our products at multiple contract manufacturing sites located around the world but do not have long-term agreements in place with some of our manufacturers and suppliers. There are a number of risks associated with our dependence on contract manufacturers, including:&#8226;reduced control over delivery schedules, particularly for international contract manufacturing sites;&#8226;reliance on the quality assurance procedures of third parties;&#8226;potential uncertainty regarding manufacturing yields and costs;&#8226;potential lack of adequate capacity during periods of high demand;&#8226;potential uncertainty related to the use of international contract manufacturing sites;&#8226;limited warranties on components supplied to us;&#8226;potential misappropriation of our intellectual property; and&#8226;potential manufacturing disruptions (including disruptions caused by geopolitical events, military actions or natural disasters).Any of these risks could impair our ability to fulfill orders. Our contract manufacturers may not be able to meet the delivery requirements of our customers, which could decrease customer satisfaction and harm our product sales. We do not have long-term contracts or arrangements with our contract manufacturers that will guarantee product availability, or the continuation of particular pricing or payment terms. If our contract manufacturers are unable or unwilling to continue manufacturing our products or components of our products in required volumes or our relationship with any of our contract manufacturers is discontinued for any reason, we would be required to identify and qualify alternative manufacturers, which could cause us to be unable to meet our supply requirements to our customers and result in the breach of our customer agreements. Qualifying a new contract manufacturer and commencing volume production is expensive and time-consuming and if we are required to change or qualify a new contract manufacturer, we could lose revenue and damage our customer relationships.18Table of Contents
CONTENT_14:
A relatively small number of customers account for a large percentage of our revenue. As a result, our business will be harmed if any of our key customers do not generate as much revenue as we forecast, stop purchasing from us, or substantially reduce their orders to us. In addition, our business will be harmed if we fail to maintain our competitive advantage with our key customers.Our ability to continue to generate revenue from our key customers will depend on our ability to maintain strong relationships with these customers and introduce new products that are desirable to these customers at competitive prices, and we may not be successful at doing so. In most cases, our sales are made to these customers pursuant to standard purchase agreements rather than long-term purchase commitments, and orders may be canceled or reduced readily. In the event of a cancellation or reduction of an order, we may not have enough time to reduce operating expenses to minimize the effect of the lost revenue on our business. Our operating results will continue to depend on our ability to sell our products to our key customers.
CONTENT_15:
We believe that, in order to grow our revenue and business, we must successfully sell our products into the metro market. This will depend on our ability, to timely and in a cost-effective manner, develop new products with unique requirements focused on space,&#32;power consumption and cost. In order for us to address a portion of this market, we recently announced the introduction of the Cloud Xpress family of metro optical platforms, which we believe addresses a new opportunity in the metro cloud market. In order to succeed in our sales efforts, we believe that we must hire additional sales personnel to meet the increasing needs of these customers and develop the necessary relationships. We may also have to incur substantial unanticipated costs to market and identify the appropriate partners to increase any sales of new products. The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, timely and successful product development, market acceptance, our ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp-up issues, the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects or deficiencies in the early stages of introduction. Accordingly, if we do not succeed in our efforts to address the metro market, the size of our total addressable market will be limited. This, in turn, would harm our ability to grow our customer base and increase revenue.
CONTENT_16:
The manufacturing process for certain components of our products, including our PICs, is technically challenging. In the event that any of the manufacturing facilities utilized to build these components were fully or partially destroyed, as a result of fire, water damage, or otherwise, it would limit our ability to produce our products. Because of the complex nature of our manufacturing facilities, such loss would take a considerable amount of time to repair or rebuild. The partial or complete loss of any of our manufacturing facilities, or an event causing the interruption in our use of such facility for any extended period of time would cause our business, financial condition and operating results to be harmed.Minor deviations in the PIC manufacturing process can cause substantial decreases in yields and, in some cases, cause production to be suspended. In the past, we have had significant variances in our PIC yields, including production interruptions and suspensions and may have continued yield variances, including additional interruptions or suspensions in the future. We expect our manufacturing yield for our next-generation PICs to be lower initially and increase as we achieve full production. Poor yields from our PIC manufacturing process or defects, integration issues or other performance problems in our products could limit our ability to satisfy customer demand requirements, and could cause us customer relations and business reputation problems, harming our business and operating results.19Table of ContentsOur inability to obtain sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet demand, either in our own facilities or through foundry or similar arrangements with third parties, could harm our relationships with our customers, our business and our operating results.
CONTENT_17:
We depend on our ability to protect our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of methods to protect our intellectual property, including limiting access to certain information, and utilizing trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws and confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties, all of which offer only limited protection. The steps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may be inadequate to preclude misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights, and our ability to police such misappropriation, unauthorized disclosure or infringement is uncertain, particularly in countries outside of the United States. This is likely to become an increasingly important issue as we expand our operations and product development into countries that provide a lower level of intellectual property protection. We do not know whether any of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents or whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims, and even if patents are issued, they may be contested, circumvented or invalidated. Moreover, the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with a competitive advantage, and, as with any technology, competitors may be able to develop similar or superior technologies to our own now or in the future.Protecting against the unauthorized use of our products, trademarks and other proprietary rights is expensive, difficult, time consuming and, in some cases, impossible. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity or scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation could result in substantial cost and diversion of management resources, either of which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. Furthermore, many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights than we do. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property.
CONTENT_18:
Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. In particular, many leading companies in the optical transport networking industry, including our competitors, have extensive patent portfolios with respect to optical transport networking technology. We expect that infringement claims may increase as the number of products and competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur. From time to time, third parties may assert exclusive patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are important to our business or seek to invalidate the proprietary rights that we hold. Competitors or other third parties have, and may continue to assert claims or initiate litigation or other proceedings against us or our manufacturers, suppliers or customers alleging infringement of their proprietary rights, or seeking to invalidate our proprietary rights, with respect to our products and technology. In addition, we have had certain patent licenses with third parties that have not been renewed, and if we cannot successfully renew these licenses, we could face claims of infringement. In the event that we are unsuccessful in defending against any such claims, or any resulting lawsuit or proceedings, we could incur liability for damages and/or have valuable proprietary rights invalidated.Any claim of infringement from a third party, even one without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim, and could distract our management from running our business. Furthermore, a party making such a claim, if successful, could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages. A judgment could also include an injunction or other court order that could prevent us from offering our products. In addition, we might be required to seek a license for the use of such intellectual property, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Alternatively, we may be required to develop non-infringing technology, which would require significant effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. Any of these events could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. Competitors and other third parties have and may continue to assert infringement claims against our customers and sales partners. Any of these claims would require us to initiate or defend potentially protracted and costly litigation on their behalf, regardless of the merits of these claims, because we generally indemnify our customers and sales partners from claims of infringement of proprietary 20Table of Contentsrights of third parties. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers or sales partners, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.We incorporate open source software into our products. Although we monitor our use of open source software closely, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. In such event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our products, to re-engineer our products or to discontinue the sale of our products in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.We are involved in litigation with Cambrian whereby Cambrian alleged that we and seven of our customers infringe one of Cambrian's patents. Information regarding this matter is set forth in Part I, Item 3. &#8220;Legal Proceedings,&#8221; and is incorporated herein by reference.
CONTENT_19:
Our business depends on the overall demand for additional bandwidth capacity and on the economic health and willingness of our customers and potential customers to make capital commitments to purchase our products and services. As a result of macroeconomic or market uncertainty, we may face new risks that we have not yet identified. In addition, a number of the risks associated with our business, which are disclosed in these risk factors, may increase in likelihood, magnitude or duration.In the past, unfavorable macroeconomic and market conditions have resulted in sustained periods of decreased demand for optical communications products. These conditions may also result in the tightening of credit markets, which may limit or delay our customers&#8217; ability to obtain necessary financing for their purchases of our products. A lack of liquidity in the capital markets or the continued uncertainty in the global economic environment may cause our customers to delay or cancel their purchases, increase the time they take to pay or default on their payment obligations, each of which would negatively affect our business and operating results. Continued weakness and uncertainty in the global economy could cause some of our customers to become illiquid, delay payments or adversely affect our collection of their accounts, which could result in a higher level of bad debt expense. In addition, currency fluctuations could negatively affect our international customers&#8217; ability or desire to purchase our products.Challenging economic conditions have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in the telecommunications industry in which we operate. Such slowdowns may result in:&#8226;reduced demand for our products as a result of constraints on capital spending by our customers, particularly service providers;&#8226;increased price competition for our products, not only from our competitors, but also as a result of our customer&#8217;s or potential customer&#8217;s utilization of inventoried or underutilized products, which could put additional downward pressure on our near term gross profits;&#8226;risk of excess or obsolete inventories;&#8226;excess manufacturing capacity and higher associated overhead costs as a percentage of revenue; and&#8226;more limited ability to accurately forecast our business and future financial performance.A lack of liquidity and economic uncertainty may adversely affect our suppliers or the terms on which we purchase products from these suppliers. It may also cause some of our suppliers to become illiquid. Any of these impacts could limit our ability to obtain components for our products from these suppliers and could adversely impact our supply chain or the delivery schedule to our customers. This also could require us to purchase more expensive components, or re-design our products, which could cause increases in the cost of our products and delays in the manufacturing and delivery of our products. Such events could harm our gross margin and harm our reputation and our customer relationships, either of which could harm our business and operating results.21Table of Contents
CONTENT_20:
The development and production of products with high technology content is complicated and often involves problems with software, components and manufacturing methods. Complex hardware and software systems, such as our products, can often contain undetected errors when first introduced or as new versions are released. In addition, errors associated with components we purchase from third parties, including customized components, may be difficult to resolve. We have experienced issues in the past in connection with the Infinera DTN and Infinera DTN-X platforms, including failures due to the receipt of faulty components from our suppliers. We suspect that errors, including potentially serious errors, may be found from time to time in our products. Our products may suffer degradation of performance and reliability over time.If reliability, quality or network monitoring problems develop, a number of negative effects on our business could result, including:&#8226;delays in our ability to recognize revenue;&#8226;costs associated with fixing software or hardware defects or replacing products;&#8226;high service and warranty expenses;&#8226;delays in shipments;&#8226;high inventory excess and obsolescence expense;&#8226;high levels of product returns;&#8226;diversion of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts;&#8226;delays in collecting accounts receivable;&#8226;payment of liquidated damages, performance guarantees or similar penalties;&#8226;reduced orders from existing customers; and&#8226;declining interest from potential customers.Because we outsource the manufacturing of certain components of our products, we may also be subject to product performance problems as a result of the acts or omissions of third parties.From time to time, we encounter interruptions or delays in the activation of our products at a customer&#8217;s site. These interruptions or delays may result from product performance problems or from issues with installation and activation, some of which are outside our control. If we experience significant interruptions or delays that we cannot promptly resolve, the associated revenue for these installations may be delayed or confidence in our products could be undermined, which could cause us to lose customers and fail to add new customers.
CONTENT_21:
Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our key management, engineering, sales and marketing, and finance personnel, many of whom would be difficult to replace. For example, senior members of our engineering team have unique technical experience that would be difficult to replace. We do not have long-term employment contracts or key person life insurance covering any of our key personnel. Because our products are complex, we must hire and retain a large number of highly trained customer service and support personnel to ensure that the deployment of our products do not result in network disruption for our customers. We believe our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to identify, attract and retain highly skilled managerial, engineering, sales, marketing, finance and customer service and support personnel. Competition for these individuals is intense in our industry, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area where we are headquartered. We may not succeed in identifying, attracting and retaining appropriate personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, the inability to identify, attract or retain qualified personnel in the future or delays in hiring qualified personnel, particularly engineers and sales personnel, could make it difficult for us to manage our business and meet key objectives, such as timely product introductions.22Table of Contents
CONTENT_22:
In May 2013, we issued $150.0 million of 1.75% convertible senior notes due June 1, 2018 (the "Notes"). The degree to which we are leveraged could have important consequences, including, but not limited to, the following:&#8226;our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, litigation, general corporate or other purposes may be limited;&#8226;a substantial portion of our future cash balance may be dedicated to the payment of the principal of our indebtedness as we have the intention to pay the principal amount of the Notes in cash upon conversion if specified conditions are met or when due, such that we would not have those funds available for use in our business; and&#8226;if upon any conversion of the Notes we are required to satisfy our conversion obligation with shares of our common stock or if a make-whole fundamental change occurs, our existing stockholders&#8217; interest in us would be diluted.Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our future cash flow performance. This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors, as well as other factors that may be beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our business will generate positive cash flow from operations, or that additional capital will be available to us, in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our debt payment obligations and to fund other liquidity needs. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. If we were unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may be unable to meet our debt payment obligations. As a result, we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, less able to withstand competitive pressures and less flexible in responding to changing business and economic conditions.
CONTENT_23:
In the event that some or all of the Notes are converted into common stock, the ownership interests of existing stockholders will be diluted, and any sales in the public market of any shares of our common stock issuable upon such conversion of the Notes could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock. In addition, the anticipated conversion of the Notes could depress the market price of our common stock.
CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:

CONTENT_26:
Our products can have a lengthy sales cycle, which can extend from six to twelve months and may take even longer for larger prospective customers. Our prospective customers conduct significant evaluation, testing, implementation and acceptance procedures before they purchase our products. We incur substantial sales and marketing expenses and expend significant management effort during this time, regardless of whether we make a sale.Because the purchase of our equipment involves substantial cost, most of our customers wait to purchase our equipment until they are ready to deploy it in their network. As a result, it is difficult for us to accurately predict the timing of future purchases by our customers. In addition, product purchases are often subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals and unplanned administrative processing and other delays. If sales expected from customers for a particular quarter are not realized in that quarter or at all, our revenue will be negatively impacted.
CONTENT_27:
We market, sell and service our products globally. During fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, we derived approximately 29%, 36% and 32%, respectively, of our revenue from customers outside of the United States. We expect that significant management attention and financial resources will be required for our international activities over the foreseeable future as we continue to expand our international presence. We have a limited history and experience selling our products into developing international markets, such as Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa, and Latin America. Furthermore, in some countries, our success in selling our products and growing revenue will depend in part on our ability to form relationships with local partners. Our inability to identify appropriate partners or reach mutually satisfactory arrangements for international sales of our products could impact our ability to maintain or increase international market demand for our products. In addition, many of the companies we compete against internationally have greater name recognition and a more substantial sales and marketing presence.We have sales and support personnel in numerous countries worldwide. In addition, we have established development centers in India, China and Canada and expect to continue to increase hiring of personnel for these facilities. There is no assurance that our reliance upon development resources in India, China or Canada will enable us to achieve meaningful cost reductions or greater resource efficiency.Our international operations are subject to inherent risks, and our future results could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including:&#8226;greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods;&#8226;difficulties of managing and staffing international offices, and the increased travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations;&#8226;political, social and economic instability, including wars, terrorism, political unrest, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions;&#8226;tariff and trade barriers and other regulatory requirements or contractual limitations on our ability to sell or develop our products in certain foreign markets;&#8226;less effective protection of intellectual property than is afforded to us in the United States or other developed countries;&#8226;local laws and practices that favor local companies, including business practices that we are prohibited from engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations;&#8226;certification requirements;24Table of Contents&#8226;potentially adverse tax consequences; and&#8226;effects of changes in currency exchange rates, particularly relative increases in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar versus other currencies that could negatively affect our financial results and cash flows.International customers may also require that we comply with certain testing or customization of our products to conform to local standards. The product development costs to test or customize our products could be extensive and a material expense for us.Our international operations are subject to increasingly complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, including but not limited to anti-corruption laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act and equivalent laws in other jurisdictions, antitrust or competition laws, and data privacy laws, among others. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our reputation, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. Although we have implemented policies, procedures and training designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no complete assurance that any individual employee, contractor, or agent will not violate our policies. Additionally, the costs of complying with these laws (including the costs of investigations, auditing and monitoring) could also adversely affect our current or future business.As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks could harm our international operations and reduce our international sales.
CONTENT_28:
A portion of our sales are to countries outside of the United States, and are in currencies other than U.S. dollars, and therefore subject to foreign currency fluctuation. Accordingly, fluctuations in foreign currency rates could have a material impact on our revenue in future periods. We also have exposure to currency exchange rates as a result of the growth in our non-U.S. dollar denominated operating expense in Europe, Asia and Canada. We currently enter into foreign currency exchange forward contracts to reduce the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on accounts receivable denominated in euro and the British pound. These hedging programs reduce the impact of currency exchange rate movements on certain transactions, but do not cover all foreign-denominated transactions and therefore do not entirely eliminate the impact of fluctuations in exchange rates that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition.
CONTENT_29:
We are required to comply with Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The provisions of the act require, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.&#160;Preparing our financial statements involves a number of complex processes, many of which are done manually and are dependent upon individual data input or review. These processes include, but are not limited to, calculating revenue, deferred revenue and inventory costs. While we continue to automate our processes and enhance our review and put in place controls to reduce the likelihood for errors, we expect that for the foreseeable future, many of our processes will remain manually intensive and thus subject to human error.
CONTENT_30:
We have made strategic acquisitions of businesses, technologies and other assets in the past. The expansion of our business through acquisitions allows us to complement our technological capabilities. In the event of any future acquisitions, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our goals, or they may be viewed negatively by customers, financial markets or investors and we could:&#8226;issue stock that would dilute our current stockholders&#8217; percentage ownership;&#8226;incur debt and assume other liabilities;&#8226;use a substantial portion of our cash resources; or25Table of Contents&#8226;incur amortization expenses related to other intangible assets and/or incur large and immediate write-offs.Acquisitions also involve numerous risks that could disrupt our ongoing business and distract our management team, including:&#8226;problems integrating the acquired operations, technologies or products with our own;&#8226;diversion of management&#8217;s attention from our core business;&#8226;assumption of unknown liabilities;&#8226;adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers;&#8226;increased accounting compliance risk;&#8226;risks associated with entering new markets; and&#8226;potential loss of key employees.Our failure to adequately manage the risks associated with an acquisition could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
CONTENT_31:
Our manufacturing operations use substances that are regulated by various federal, state and international laws governing health, safety and the environment, including the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment&#160;and Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment regulations adopted by the European Union. If we experience a problem with these substances, it could cause an interruption or delay in our manufacturing operations or could cause us to incur liabilities for any costs related to health, safety or environmental remediation. We could also be subject to liability if we do not handle these substances in compliance with safety standards for storage and transportation and applicable laws. If we experience a problem or fail to comply with such safety standards, our business, financial condition and operating results may be harmed.
CONTENT_32:
We are subject to export control laws that limit which products we sell and where and to whom we sell our products. U.S. export control laws also limit our ability to conduct product development activities in certain countries. In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain technologies and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products or could limit our customers&#8217; ability to implement our products in those countries. Changes in our products or changes in import and export regulations may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our products throughout their global systems or, in some cases, prevent the import and export of our products to certain countries altogether. Any change in import and export regulations or related legislation, shift in approach to the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Failure to comply with these and similar laws on a timely basis, or at all, decreased use of our products or any limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.Our product or manufacturing standards could also be impacted by new or revised environmental rules and regulations or other social initiatives. For instance, the SEC adopted new disclosure requirements in 2012 relating to the sourcing of certain minerals from the Democratic Republic of Congo and certain other adjoining countries. Those rules, which required reporting for the first time in calendar 2014, could adversely affect our costs, the availability of minerals used in our products and our relationships with customers and suppliers.The Federal Communications Commission (&#8220;FCC&#8221;) has jurisdiction over the entire U.S. communications industry and, as a result, our products and our U.S. customers are subject to FCC rules and regulations. Current and future FCC regulations, including any future regulation on net neutrality, affecting communications services, our products or our customers&#8217; businesses could negatively affect our business. In addition, international regulatory standards could impair our ability to develop products for international customers in the future. Moreover, many jurisdictions are evaluating or implementing regulations relating to cyber security, privacy and data protection, which 26Table of Contentscan affect the market and requirements for networking and communications equipment. Delays caused by our compliance with regulatory requirements could result in postponements or cancellations of product orders. Further, we may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining any regulatory approvals that may, in the future, be required to operate our business. Any failure to obtain such approvals could harm our business and operating results.
CONTENT_33:
Our headquarters and the majority of our infrastructure, including our PIC fabrication manufacturing facility, are located in Northern California, an area that is susceptible to earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters. Further, a terrorist attack aimed at Northern California or at our nation&#8217;s energy or telecommunications infrastructure could hinder or delay the development and sale of our products. In the event that an earthquake, terrorist attack or other man-made or natural catastrophe were to destroy any part of our facilities, or certain of our contract manufacturers&#8217; facilities, destroy or disrupt vital infrastructure systems or interrupt our operations for any extended period of time, our business, financial condition and operating results would be harmed.
CONTENT_34:
In the ordinary course of our business, we maintain sensitive data on our networks, including data related to our intellectual property and data related to our business and that of our customers and business partners that is considered proprietary or confidential information. We believe that companies in the technology industry have been increasingly subject to a wide variety of security incidents, cyber-attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access. While the secure maintenance of this information is critical to our business and reputation, our network and storage applications may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers or breached due to operator error, malfeasance or other system disruptions. It may be difficult to anticipate or immediately detect such security incidents or data breaches and the damage caused as a result. Accordingly, a data breach, cyber-attack, or unauthorized access or disclosure of our information, could compromise our intellectual property and reveal proprietary or confidential business information. In addition, these security incidents could also cause us to incur significant remediation costs and expenses, disrupt key business operations, subject us to liability and divert attention of management and key information technology resources, any of which could cause significant harm to our business and reputation.
CONTENT_35:
The trading prices of our common stock and the securities of other technology companies have been and may continue to be highly volatile. Factors affecting the trading price of our common stock include:&#8226;variations in our operating results;&#8226;announcements of technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances or agreements by us or by our competitors;&#8226;the gain or loss of customers;&#8226;recruitment or departure of key personnel;&#8226;changes in the estimates of our future operating results or external guidance on those results or changes in recommendations by any securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock;&#8226;market conditions in our industry, the industries of our customers and the economy as a whole; and&#8226;adoption or modification of regulations, policies, procedures or programs applicable to our business.In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition or operating results. The trading price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. Each of these factors, among others, could harm the value of your investment in our common stock. Some companies that have had volatile market prices for their securities have had securities class action lawsuits filed against them. If a suit were filed against us, regardless of its merits or outcome, it could result in substantial costs and divert management&#8217;s attention and resources.27Table of Contents
CONTENT_36:
We are a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which apply to us, may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws:&#8226;authorize the issuance of &#8220;blank check&#8221; convertible preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to thwart a takeover attempt;&#8226;establish a classified board of directors, as a result of which the successors to the directors whose terms have expired will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following their election;&#8226;require that directors only be removed from office for cause and only upon a supermajority stockholder vote;&#8226;provide that vacancies on the board of directors, including newly-created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office rather than by stockholders;&#8226;prevent stockholders from calling special meetings; and&#8226;prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders.28<hr style="page-break-after:always"
