HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
If we cannot continue to develop, market and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer requirements, our operating results could suffer.
HEADER_3:
Introduction of new products, services and business models by existing and new competitors could harm our competitive position and results of operations.
HEADER_4:
If we fail to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets, our results of operations could suffer.
HEADER_5:
The increased emphasis on a cloud strategy may give rise to risks that could harm our business. 
HEADER_6:
Subscription offerings and ETLAs create risks related to the timing of revenue recognition.
HEADER_7:
We may be unable to predict subscription renewal rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenue and operating results. 
HEADER_8:
Security vulnerabilities in our products and systems could lead to reduced revenues or to liability claims.
HEADER_9:
Some of our lines of business rely on us or our third-party service providers to host and deliver services and data, and any interruptions or delays in these hosted services, security or privacy breaches, or failures in data collection could expose us to liability and harm our business and reputation.
HEADER_10:
Uncertainty about current and future economic conditions and other adverse changes in general political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our operating results. 
HEADER_11:
We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions, and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and management.
HEADER_12:
We may incur substantial costs enforcing or acquiring intellectual property rights and defending against third-party claims as a result of litigation or other proceedings.
HEADER_13:
We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, including our source code, from third-party infringers or unauthorized copying, use or disclosure.
HEADER_14:
Increasing regulatory focus on privacy issues and expanding laws and regulations could impact our new business models and expose us to increased liability.
HEADER_15:
If we fail to process transactions effectively or fail to adequately protect against disputed or potential fraudulent activities, our revenue and earnings may be harmed.
HEADER_16:
Failure to manage our sales and distribution channels and third-party customer service and technical support providers effectively could result in a loss of revenue and harm to our business.
HEADER_17:
Certain of our enterprise offerings have long and complex sales cycles.
HEADER_18:
Catastrophic events may disrupt our business.
HEADER_19:
Net revenue, margin or earnings shortfalls or the volatility of the market generally may cause the market price of our stock to decline.
HEADER_20:
We are subject to risks associated with compliance with laws and regulations globally which may harm our business.
HEADER_21:
We may incur losses associated with currency fluctuations and may not be able to effectively hedge our exposure.
HEADER_22:
 of notes in a debt offering and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results.
HEADER_23:
Changes in, or interpretations of, accounting principles could have a significant impact on our financial position and results of operations.
HEADER_24:
If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired we could be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 
HEADER_25:
Changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations may adversely affect our effective tax rates.
HEADER_26:
If we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel our business may be harmed.
HEADER_27:
Our investment portfolio may become impaired by deterioration of the capital markets.
