HEADER_1:
This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Form 10-K, including any information incorporated by reference herein, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, referred to as the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, referred to as the Exchange Act. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “intend,” “forecast,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “continue” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements contained in this 10-K involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and situations that may cause our or our industry’s actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. These factors include those listed below in this Item 1A and those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We encourage investors to review these factors carefully. We may from time to time make additional written and oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of us, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
HEADER_2:
Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that our business faces numerous financial and market risks, including those described below, as well as general economic and business risks. The following discussion provides information concerning the material risks and uncertainties that we have identified and believe may adversely affect our business, our financial condition and our results of operations. Before you decide whether to invest in our securities, you should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties, together with all of the other information included in this Form 10-K and in our other public filings. 
HEADER_3:
Risks Relating to the Proposed Acquisition of Entropic
HEADER_4:
If the acquisition is completed, our actual financial and operating results could differ materially from any expectations or guidance provided by us concerning future results, including (without limitation) expectations or guidance with respect to the financial impact of any cost savings and other potential synergies.
HEADER_5:
Failure to integrate our business and operations successfully with those of Entropic in the expected time-frame or otherwise may adversely affect MaxLinear’s operating results and financial condition if the acquisition is completed. 
HEADER_6:
Our business relationships, including customer relationships, and those of Entropic may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with the acquisition.
HEADER_7:
We and Entropic may have difficulty motivating and retaining executives and other key employees in light of the acquisition. 
HEADER_8:
The merger agreement with Entropic contains provisions that may preclude us, while the transaction is pending, from pursuing acquisitions that we might otherwise pursue or that could discourage or deter bids for MaxLinear and that could require us to pay Entropic an $11.65 million termination fee under certain circumstances. 
HEADER_9:
If the proposed acquisition is not completed, we will have incurred substantial costs that may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition as well as the market price of our Class A common stock. 
HEADER_10:
Our ability to complete the acquisition is subject to various closing conditions, including approval of our stockholders and certain required regulatory approvals, which may contain burdensome conditions, including divestitures, that could have an adverse effect on our operation of the business following the acquisition. 
HEADER_11:
In order to complete the acquisition and distribute the cash consideration payable to Entropic stockholders, we will be required to use substantially all of Entropic’s available cash resources and a sizeable portion of our cash resources.  As a result, our available liquidity after the acquisition will be reduced at the same time that the scope of our operations and cash requirements have increased, and we may be required to seek additional financing.
HEADER_12:
A number of purported stockholder class action lawsuits have been filed against us, Entropic, Entropic’s directors, and our merger subsidiaries, Excalibur Acquisition Corporation and Excalibur Subsidiary, LLC, challenging the acquisition, and an unfavorable judgment or ruling in these lawsuits could prevent or delay the consummation of the acquisition, result in substantial costs, or have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
HEADER_13:
If the acquisition of Entropic is completed, the issuance of shares of our Class A common stock to Entropic stockholders will substantially reduce the percentage interests of our stockholders. 
HEADER_14:
We expect to incur substantial expenses related to the integration of MaxLinear and Entropic. 
HEADER_15:
We will record goodwill that could become impaired and adversely affect our future operating results. 
HEADER_16:
The market value of our Class A common stock could decline if large amounts of our Class A common stock are sold following the acquisition. 
HEADER_17:
Risks Relating to Our Business
HEADER_18:
We face intense competition and expect competition to increase in the future, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue, revenue growth rate, if any, and market share.
HEADER_19:
We depend on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from, one or more of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results.
HEADER_20:
A significant portion of our revenue is attributable to demand for our products in markets for cable applications.
HEADER_21:
If we fail to penetrate new markets, specifically the market for satellite set-top and gateway boxes and outdoor units, our revenue, revenue growth rate, if any, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
HEADER_22:
We may be unable to make the substantial and productive research and development investments which are required to remain competitive in our business.
HEADER_23:
The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses caused by undetected defects or bugs, which could reduce the market acceptance of our new products, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers and adversely affect our operating costs.
HEADER_24:
Average selling prices of our products could decrease rapidly, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and gross margins.
HEADER_25:
If we fail to develop and introduce new or enhanced products on a timely basis, our ability to attract and retain customers could be impaired and our competitive position could be harmed.
HEADER_26:
We recently settled and are currently a party to intellectual property litigation and may face additional claims of intellectual property infringement. Current litigation and any future litigation could be time-consuming, costly to defend or settle and result in the loss of significant rights.
HEADER_27:
We utilize a significant amount of intellectual property in our business. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our business could be adversely affected.
HEADER_28:
Our business, revenue and revenue growth, if any, will depend in part on the timing and development of the global transition from analog to digital television, which is subject to numerous regulatory and business risks outside our control.
HEADER_29:
Global economic conditions, including factors that adversely affect consumer spending for the products that incorporate our integrated circuits, could adversely affect our revenues, margins, and operating results.
HEADER_30:
We rely on a limited number of third parties to manufacture, assemble and test our products, and the failure to manage our relationships with our third-party contractors successfully could adversely affect our ability to market and sell our products.
HEADER_31:
We do not have any long-term supply contracts with our contract manufacturers or suppliers, and any disruption in our supply of products or materials could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue and operating results.
HEADER_32:
We may have difficulty accurately predicting our future revenue and appropriately budgeting our expenses particularly as we seek to enter new markets where we may not have prior experience.
HEADER_33:
We may not sustain our growth rate, and we may not be able to manage future growth effectively.
HEADER_34:
If we are unable to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, especially our design and technical personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively.
HEADER_35:
Our business would be adversely affected by the departure of existing members of our senior management team.
HEADER_36:
Our customers require our products and our third-party contractors to undergo a lengthy and expensive qualification process which does not assure product sales.
HEADER_37:
We are subject to risks associated with our distributors’ product inventories and product sell-through. Should any of our distributors cease or be forced to stop distributing our products, our business would suffer.
HEADER_38:
We are subject to order and shipment uncertainties, and differences between our estimates of customer demand and product mix and our actual results could negatively affect our inventory levels, sales and operating results.
HEADER_39:
Winning business is subject to lengthy competitive selection processes that require us to incur significant expenditures. Even if we begin a product design, customers may decide to cancel or change their product plans, which could cause us to generate no revenue from a product and adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_40:
Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations and may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors that could adversely affect our business and our stock price.
HEADER_41:
We are subject to the cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry.
HEADER_42:
The use of open source software in our products, processes and technology may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property.
HEADER_43:
We rely on third parties to provide services and technology necessary for the operation of our business. Any failure of one or more of our partners, vendors, suppliers or licensors to provide these services or technology could have a material adverse effect on our business.
HEADER_44:
Unanticipated changes in our tax rates or unanticipated tax obligations could affect our future results.
HEADER_45:
Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business and other factors related to our international operations.
HEADER_46:
If we suffer losses to our facilities or distribution system due to catastrophe, our operations could be seriously harmed.
HEADER_47:
Our business is subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expenses. If we fail to maintain compliance with applicable regulations, we may be forced to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
HEADER_48:
In addition to our acquisition of Physpeed, we may, from time to time, make additional business acquisitions or investments, which involve significant risks.
HEADER_49:
We may be subject to information technology failures, including data protection breaches and cyber-attacks, that could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results.
HEADER_50:
Investor confidence may be adversely impacted if we are unable to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and as a result, our stock price could decline.
HEADER_51:
Our products must conform to industry standards in order to be accepted by end users in our markets.
HEADER_52:
Risks Relating to Our Class A Common Stock
HEADER_53:
The dual class structure of our common stock as contained in our charter documents will have the effect of allowing our founders, executive officers, employees and directors and their affiliates to limit your ability to influence corporate matters that you may consider unfavorable.
HEADER_54:
The concentration of our capital stock ownership with our founders will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and their interests may differ from other stockholders.
HEADER_55:
Our management team may use our available cash, cash equivalents, and liquid investment assets in ways with which you may not agree or in ways which may not yield a return.
HEADER_56:
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our Class A common stock.
HEADER_57:
Our share price may be volatile as a result of limited trading volume and other factors.
HEADER_58:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, especially due to our dual-class voting structure, our share price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_59:
Future sales of our Class A common stock in the public market could cause our share price to decline.
HEADER_60:
We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
