CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:
Although the global economy has been showing signs of improvement, its uncertain state has contributed and continues to contribute to decreases in demand and spending in the technology industry at large, as well as to the specific markets in which we operate. The slow pace of global economic recovery and the resulting effects on global credit markets has created uncertainty in the timing and overall demand from our customers. This uncertainty may lead to greater revenue fluctuations, increased price competition for our products, and may increase the risk of excess and obsolete inventories and higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue. Continued economic challenges in the global financial markets could further negatively impact our operations by affecting the solvency of our customers, the solvency of our key suppliers or the ability of our customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. If economic conditions do not improve or if they deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations would likely be materially and adversely impacted.
CONTENT_5:
The markets in which we operate are dynamic and complex, and our success depends upon our ability to deliver both our current product offerings and new products and technologies on time and at acceptable cost to our customers. The markets for our products are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions, substantial capital investment, changes in customer requirements, continued price pressures and a constantly evolving industry. Our future performance will depend on the successful development, introduction and market acceptance of new and enhanced features and products that address these issues and provide solutions that meet our customers&#8217; current and future needs. The market for optical communications products in particular has matured over time and optical communications products have increasingly become subject to commoditization. Both legacy competitors as well as new entrants, predominantly Asia-based competitors, have intensified market competition in recent years leading to pricing pressure. To preserve our revenues and product margin structures, we will remain reliant on an integrated customer and market approach that anticipates end customer needs as Telecom and Datacom requirements evolve. We also must continue to develop more advanced, differentiated products that command a premium with customers, while conversely continuing to focus on streamlining product costs for legacy established products. However, our competitors may continue to enter markets or gain or retain market share through aggressive low pricing strategies that may impact the efficacy of our approach. Additionally, if significant competitors were to merge or consolidate, they may be able to offer a lower cost structure through economies of scale that we may be unable to match. Although historically we have emphasized a robust program of technical innovation and streamlining manufacturing operations, if we fail to continue to develop enhanced or new products, or over time are unable to adjust our cost structure to continue to competitively price more mature technologies, our revenue and profits and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
CONTENT_6:
The end markets for optical products have experienced significant industry consolidation during the past few years. As a result, the markets for optical subsystems and components are highly competitive. Our current competitors include a number of domestic and international companies, many of which have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and distribution resources and brand name recognition than we have. These competitors include Coherent, Inc., Finisar Corporation, Fujitsu Optical Components, Furukawa Electric Co., Ltd., IPG Photonics Corporation, Neophotonics Corporation, Newport Corporation, Oclaro, Inc., Rofin-Sinar Technologies Inc. and Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd.  We may not be able to compete successfully against either current or future competitors. Increased competition could result in significant price erosion, reduced revenue, lower margins or loss of market share, any of which would significantly harm our business.12Table of Contents
CONTENT_7:
We rely on several independent contract manufacturers to supply us with certain products. For many products, a particular contract manufacturer may be the sole source of the finished good product. We depend on these manufacturers to meet our production needs and to provide quality products to our customers. Despite rigorous testing for quality, both by us and our customers, we may receive defective products. We may incur significant costs to correct defective products which could include lost future sales, as well as potentially cause customer relations problems, litigation and damage to our reputation. Additionally, the ability of our contract manufacturers to fulfill their obligations may be affected by natural disasters or economic, political or other forces that are beyond our control. Any such failure could have a material impact on our ability to meet our customers&#8217; expectations and may materially impact our operating results. In addition, some of our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers are not cancellable which may impact our earnings if customer forecasts driving these purchase commitments do not materialize and we are unable to sell the products to other customers. Furthermore, it would be costly and require a long period of time to move products from one contract manufacturer to another and could result in interruptions in supply, which would likely materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. We manufacture some of the components that we provide to our contract manufacturers, along with our own finished goods, in our Bloomfield, Connecticut and San Jose, California manufacturing facilities. For some of the components and finished good products we are the sole manufacturer. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex and issues are often difficult to detect and correct. From time to time we have experienced problems achieving acceptable yields in our manufacturing facilities, resulting in delays in the availability of our products. In addition, if we experience problems with our manufacturing facilities, it would be costly and require a long period of time to move the manufacture of these components and finished good products to a contract manufacturer and could result in interruptions in supply, which would likely materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. Changes in manufacturing processes are often required due to changes in product specifications, changing customer needs and the introduction of new products. These changes may reduce manufacturing yields at our contract manufacturers and at our own manufacturing facilities resulting in reduced margins on those products.
CONTENT_8:
We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers, who are often small and specialized, for raw materials, packages and standard components. Our business and results of operations have been, and could continue to be, adversely affected by this dependency. Specific concerns we periodically encounter with our suppliers include stoppages or delays of supply, insufficient resources to supply our requirements, substitution of more expensive or less reliable materials, receipt of defective parts or contaminated materials, increases in the price of supplies, and an inability to obtain reduced pricing from our suppliers in response to competitive pressures.
CONTENT_9:
We have consistently relied on a small number of customers for a significant portion of our sales and we expect that this customer concentration will continue in the future. For example, during the fiscal year ended June&#160;27, 2015, our five largest customers accounted for over 41% of our revenue and the majority of our customers purchase products under purchase orders or under contracts that do not contain volume purchase commitments.  Changes in the business requirements, vendor selection, project prioritization, financial prospects, capital resources, and expenditures, or purchasing behavior (including product mix purchased) of our key customers could significantly decrease our sales to such customers or could lead to delays or cancellations of planned purchases of our products or services, which increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our revenues and operating results.  In addition, as a result of the seasonality of the business of certain of our customers, our business and results of operations may fluctuate. If forecasted orders do not materialize, we may need to reduce investment in R&amp;D activities, fail to optimize our manufacturing capacity, or have excess inventory.  Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_10:
13Table of ContentsLarge OEM and end-user service providers comprise a significant portion of our customer base.  These customers generally have greater purchasing power than smaller entities and, accordingly, often request and receive more favorable terms from suppliers.  As we seek to expand our sales to existing customers and acquire new customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that are favorable to our customers and that may affect the timing of our ability to recognize revenue, increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, consolidation among such large customers can further increase their buying power and ability to require onerous terms.  Additionally, the terms these large customers require, such as most-favored nation or exclusivity provisions, may impact our ability to do business with other customers and generate revenues from such customers.
CONTENT_11:
Our products are complex and defects may be found from time to time. Networking products frequently contain undetected software or hardware defects when first introduced or as new versions are released. In addition, our products are often embedded in or deployed in conjunction with our customers&#8217; products which incorporate a variety of components produced by third parties. As a result, when problems occur, it may be difficult to identify the source of the problem. These problems may cause us to incur significant damages or warranty and repair costs, divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts and cause significant customer relation problems or loss of customers, all of which would harm our business.
CONTENT_12:
We are subject to taxes in the United States and numerous international jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on current tax payments and our estimates of future tax payments, which may include reserves for estimates of probable settlements of international and domestic tax audits. At any one time, multiple tax years and jurisdictions are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. As a result, there could be ongoing variability in our tax rates as taxable events occur and uncertain tax positions are re-evaluated or resolved. Tax policy reform continues to be a topic of discussion in the United States and in the foreign jurisdictions in which we may conduct business. A significant change to the tax system in the United States or other foreign jurisdictions, including changes to the taxation of international income, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may be materially impacted by changes in tax laws, changes in the mix and level of earnings by taxing jurisdiction, changes to existing accounting rules or regulations or by changes to our ownership or capital structures. Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate could materially and adversely affect our results of business, financial condition and operating results.
CONTENT_13:
We have taken certain preliminary steps to implement an international corporate structure more closely aligned with our international operations. This potential corporate structure may reduce our overall effective tax rate through changes among our wholly-owned subsidiaries in how we use our intellectual property, and how we structure our international procurement and sales operations. The contemplated structure includes legal entities located in jurisdictions with income tax rates lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate. Such intercompany arrangements would be designed to result in income earned by such entities in accordance with arm&#8217;s-length principles and commensurate with functions performed, risks assumed and ownership of valuable corporate assets. We believe that income taxed in certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. statutory rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate over the medium to long term. We have agreed to reimburse Viavi for certain tax liabilities and related costs that may be incurred by Viavi, following application of net operating losses by Viavi, in the event that we implement this revised corporate structure. In addition, the implementation of such a structure has required us to incur expenses, and may require that we incur additional expenses, for which we may not realize related benefits, and in any event, we do not expect to materially realize such benefits for several years following the Separation. If we put the intended structure into effect and it is not accepted by the applicable taxing authorities, if changes in domestic and international tax laws negatively impact the proposed structure, including proposed legislation to reform U.S. 14Table of Contentstaxation of international business activities, or if we do not operate our business consistent with the proposed structure and applicable tax provisions, we may fail to achieve the financial and operational efficiencies that we anticipate as a result of the proposed structure, and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected.
CONTENT_14:
We derive a majority of our revenues from our international operations, and we plan to continue expanding our business in international markets in the future. In addition, we have extensive international manufacturing capabilities and facilities, with employees engaged in R&amp;D, administration, manufacturing, support and sales and marketing activities.  As a result of our international operations, we are affected by economic, business regulatory, social, and political conditions in foreign countries, including the following:&#8226;changes in general IT spending,&#8226;the imposition of government controls, inclusive of critical infrastructure protection;&#8226;changes or limitations in trade protection laws or other regulatory requirements, which may affect our ability to import or export our products from various countries;&#8226;varying and potentially conflicting regulations;&#8226;fluctuations in local economies;&#8226;wage inflation or a tightening of the labor market; and&#8226;the impact of the following on service provider and government spending patterns: political considerations, unfavorable changes in tax treaties or laws, natural disasters, epidemic disease, labor unrest, earnings expatriation restrictions, misappropriation of intellectual property, military actions, acts of terrorism, political and social unrest and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations.Any or all of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.Moreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from or conflict with those in the United States or in other countries in which we operate. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. regulations applicable to us. There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, channel partners, and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and procedures, which are designed to ensure compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners, or agents could result in termination of our relationship, financial reporting problems, fines, and/or penalties for us, or prohibition on the importation or exportation of our products, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_15:
We are exposed to foreign exchange risks with regard to our operating expenses which may affect our operating results. Although we price our products primarily in U.S. dollars, a portion of our operating expenses are incurred in foreign currencies. If the value of the U.S. dollar depreciates relative to certain other foreign currencies, it would increase our costs as expressed in U.S. dollars. Conversely, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, such strengthening could raise the relative cost of our products to non-U.S. customers, especially as compared to foreign competitors, and could reduce demand. We intend to engage in currency hedging transactions to reduce our foreign exchange exposure. However, these transactions may not fully eliminate our risk and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
CONTENT_16:
&#32;Our future success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain the services of executive, engineering, sales and marketing, and support personnel. The supply of highly qualified individuals, in particular engineers in very specialized technical areas, or sales people specializing in the service provider and enterprise markets, is limited and competition for such individuals is intense. None of our officers or key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. The loss of the services of any of our key employees, the inability to attract or retain personnel in the future or delays in hiring required personnel, engineers and sales people, and the complexity and time involved in replacing or training new employees, 15Table of Contentscould delay the development and introduction of new products, and negatively impact our ability to market, sell, or support our products.
CONTENT_17:
&#32;We have made acquisitions of other businesses or technologies, including, most recently,  Time-Bandwidth in January 2014 and we will continue to review acquisition opportunities.  Such strategic transactions involve numerous risks, including the following: &#8226;diversion of management&#8217;s attention from normal daily operations of the business;&#8226;unforeseen expenses, delays or conditions imposed upon the acquisition, including due to required regulatory approvals or consents; &#8226;unanticipated changes in the combined business due to potential divestitures or other requirements imposed by antitrust regulators; &#8226;the ability to retain and obtain required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; &#8226;difficulties and costs in integrating the operations, technologies, products, IT and other systems, facilities and personnel of the purchased businesses; &#8226;potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process R&amp;D; &#8226;an acquisition may not further our business strategy as we expected or we may overpay for, or otherwise not realize the expected return on, our investments; &#8226;insufficient net revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; &#8226;potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; and &#8226;difficulty forecasting revenues and margins. &#160;
CONTENT_18:
We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology infrastructure and our ability to expand and continually update this infrastructure in response to our changing needs. In some cases, we may rely upon third-party hosting and support services to meet these needs. Any failure to manage, expand and update our information technology infrastructure, including our Enterprise Resource Planning ("ERP") system and other applications, any failure in the extension or operation of this infrastructure, or any failure by our hosting and support partners in the performance of their services could materially and adversely harm our business. Despite our implementation of security measures, our systems are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access and other similar disruptions. Any system failure, accident or security breach could result in disruptions to our operations. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data or in inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers, and ultimately harm our business. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against or mitigate damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future.
CONTENT_19:
We seek to protect our products and product roadmaps in part by developing and/or securing proprietary rights relating to those products, including patents, trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation. The steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately prevent misappropriation or ensure that others will not develop competitive technologies or products. Other companies may be investigating or developing technologies that are similar to our own. It is possible that patents may not be issued from any of our pending applications or those we may file in the future and, if patents are issued, the claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to deter or prohibit others from making, using or selling products that are similar to ours. We do not own patents in every country in which we sell or distribute our products, and thus others may be able to offer identical products in countries where we do not have intellectual property protections. In addition, the laws of some territories in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold, including Europe, Asia-Pacific or Latin America, may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Any 16Table of Contentspatents issued to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Additionally, we are currently a licensee for a number of third-party technologies including software and intellectual property rights from academic institutions, our competitors and others, and we are required to pay royalties to these licensors for the use thereof. In the future, if such licenses are unavailable or if we are unable to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to rely on such third-party technologies which could inhibit our development of new products, impede the sale of some of our current products, substantially increase the cost to provide these products to our customers, and could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results. We also seek to protect our important trademarks by endeavoring to register them in certain countries. We have not registered our trademarks in every country in which we sell or distribute our products, and thus others may be able to use the same or confusingly similar marks in countries where we do not have trademark registrations. We have adopted Lumentum as a new house trademark and trade name for our company, and are in the process of establishing rights in this name and brand. We have also adopted the Lumentum logo as a new house trademark for our company, and are in the process of establishing rights in this brand. The new brands are the subject of trademark applications in the United States or other jurisdictions, but the trademarks have not yet proceeded to registration. The efforts we take to register and protect trademarks, including the new brands, may not be sufficient or effective. Although we will seek to obtain trademark registrations for the new brands, it is possible we may not be able to protect our new brands through registration in one or more jurisdictions, for example, the applicable governmental authorities may not approve the registration. Furthermore, even if the applications are approved, third parties may seek to oppose or otherwise challenge registration. There is the possibility, despite efforts, that the scope of the protection obtained for our trademarks, including the new brands, will be insufficient or that a registration may be deemed invalid or unenforceable in one or more jurisdictions throughout the world.
CONTENT_20:
Lawsuits and allegations of patent infringement and violation of other intellectual property rights occur in our industry on a regular basis. We have received in the past, and anticipate that we will receive in the future, notices from third parties claiming that our products infringe upon their proprietary rights, with two distinct sources becoming increasingly prevalent. First, large technology companies, including some of our customers and competitors, are seeking to monetize their patent portfolios and have developed large internal organizations that may approach us with demands to enter into license agreements. Second, patent-holding companies that do not make or sell products (often referred to as &#8220;patent trolls&#8221;) may claim that our products infringe upon their proprietary rights. We respond to these claims in the course of our business operations. The litigation or settlement of these matters, regardless of the merit of the claims, could result in significant expense and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, regardless of whether we are successful. If we are unsuccessful, we could be required to expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or to obtain licenses to the technology that is the subject of the litigation. We may not be successful in such development, or such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Without such a license, or if we are the subject of an exclusionary order, our ability to make our products could be limited and we could be enjoined from future sales of the infringing product or products, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. Additionally, we often indemnify our customers against claims of infringement related to our products and may incur significant expenses to defend against such claims. If we are unsuccessful defending against such claims, we may be required to indemnify our customers against any damages awarded. &#160;We also face risks that third parties may assert trademark infringement claims against us in one or more jurisdictions throughout the world related to the new brand and/or other trademarks. The litigation or settlement of these matters, regardless of the merit of the claims, could result in significant expense and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, regardless of whether we are successful. If we are unsuccessful, trademark infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability or prevent us from selling some or all of our products or services under the challenged trademark. In addition, resolution of claims may require us to alter our products, labels or packaging, license rights from third parties, or cease using the challenged trademark altogether, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results.
CONTENT_21:
From time to time we have been, and in the future we may become, subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business. The results of legal proceedings are difficult to predict. Moreover, many of the complaints filed against us may not specify the amount of damages that plaintiffs seek, and we therefore may be unable to estimate the possible range of damages that might be incurred should these lawsuits be resolved against us. While we may be unable to estimate the potential damages arising from such lawsuits, certain of them assert types of claims that, if resolved 17Table of Contentsagainst us, could give rise to substantial damages. Thus, an unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more of these lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Even if these lawsuits are not resolved against us, the uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved lawsuits could seriously harm our business, financial condition and reputation. Litigation is costly, time-consuming and disruptive to normal business operations. The costs of defending these lawsuits have been significant in the past, will continue to be costly and may not be covered by our insurance policies. The defense of these lawsuits could also result in continued diversion of our management&#8217;s time and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. For additional discussion regarding litigation, see &#8220;Item 3. Legal Proceedings.&#8221;
CONTENT_22:
We integrate licensed third-party technology into certain of our products. From time to time, we may be required to license additional technology from third-parties to develop new products or product enhancements. Third-party licenses may not be available or continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. The failure to comply with the terms of any license, including free open source software, may result in our inability to continue to use such license. Our inability to maintain or re-license any third-party licenses required in our products or our inability to obtain third-party licenses necessary to develop new products and product enhancements, could require us, if possible, to develop substitute technology or obtain substitute technology of lower quality or performance standards or at a greater cost, any of which could delay or prevent product shipment and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:

CONTENT_26:

CONTENT_27:
The historical information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to our business as operated by and integrated with Viavi. Our historical financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of Viavi. Accordingly, the historical financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not necessarily reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company during the periods presented or those that we will achieve in the future primarily as a result of the factors described below. &#8226;Prior to the Separation, our business was operated by Viavi as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent company. Viavi or one of its affiliates performed various corporate functions for our business such as legal, treasury, accounting, auditing, human resources, finance and other corporate functions. Our historical financial results reflect allocations of corporate expenses from Viavi that may differ from our actual operating expenses for these functions in the future. Therefore, our cost related to such functions previously performed by Viavi may increase following the Separation. &#8226;Our business was integrated with the other businesses of Viavi. Historically, we shared economies of scale in costs, employees, vendor and customer relationships. We will need to enter into new arrangements with certain vendors which may result in us paying higher charges than in the past for these services. This could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. &#8226;Our working capital requirements and capital for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and capital expenditures, were historically satisfied as part of the corporate-wide cash management policies of Viavi. Following the Separation, we may need to obtain additional financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, strategic relationships or other arrangements. 19Table of Contents&#8226;After the completion of the Separation, the cost of capital for our business may be higher than Viavi&#8217;s cost of capital prior to the Separation. Other significant changes may occur in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of operating as a company separate from Viavi. For additional information about the past financial performance of our business and the basis of presentation of the historical combined financial statements, see &#8220;Selected Historical Combined Financial Data,&#8221; &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; and the historical financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
CONTENT_28:
The separation agreement provides that, in connection with the Separation, a number of contracts were transferred or assigned from Viavi or its affiliates to us or our affiliates. Many of these contracts require the contractual counterparty&#8217;s consent to such an assignment. Similarly, in some circumstances, we are a joint beneficiary of contracts, and we need to enter into a new agreement with the third party to replicate the contract or assign the portion of the contract related to our business. It is possible that some parties may use the requirement of a consent or the fact that the Separation has occurred to seek more favorable contractual terms from us or to seek to terminate the contract. If (i)&#160;we are unable to obtain these consents for certain key contracts on commercially and satisfactory terms, (ii)&#160;we enter into new agreements on significantly less favorable terms, or (iii)&#160;the contracts are terminated, we may be unable to obtain some of the benefits, assets and contractual commitments that are intended to be allocated to us as part of the Separation. Additionally, the loss of these contracts could increase our expenses or otherwise reduce our profitability.
CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:

CONTENT_32:
We have received a private letter ruling from the IRS, to the effect that the retention by Viavi of 19.9 percent of our common stock will not be deemed to be pursuant to a plan having as one of its principal purposes the avoidance of U.S. federal income tax within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(D)(ii) of the Code. Notwithstanding the IRS Ruling, the IRS could determine on audit that the retention of our common stock was pursuant to a plan having as one of its principal purposes the avoidance of U.S. federal income tax if it determines that any of the facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings that we or Viavi have made or provided to the IRS are not correct. If the retention is deemed to be pursuant to a plan having as one of its principal purposes the avoidance of U.S. federal income tax, then the distribution could ultimately be determined to be taxable.  In addition, Viavi also received a written opinion of PwC, its tax advisor, to the effect that the distribution, together with certain related transactions necessary to effectuate the distribution, should qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss under Sections&#160;368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Code. The opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or any court will not take a contrary position.  If the distribution were determined not to qualify for non-recognition of gain and loss, then Viavi would recognize gain in an amount up to the fair market value of our common stock held by it immediately before the distribution, over its tax basis in our stock immediately before the distribution.If, due to any of our representations being untrue or our covenants being breached, it were determined that the distribution did not qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss under Section&#160;355 of the Code, we could be required to indemnify Viavi for the resulting taxes and related expenses. The indemnification obligation is not expected to be material because Viavi is expected to have a fair market value or substantially stepped-up tax basis in our shares immediately prior to the Separation. If, contrary to our expectation, it were determined that Viavi did not have a fair market value or substantially stepped-up tax basis in our shares, any such indemnification obligation could materially and adversely affect our financial condition. &#160;In addition, Section&#160;355(e) of the Code generally creates a presumption that the distribution would be taxable to Viavi, but not to stockholders, if we or our stockholders were to engage in transactions that result in a 50% or greater change by vote or value in the ownership of our stock during the four-year period beginning on the date that begins two years before the date of 21Table of Contentsthe distribution, unless it were established that such transactions and the distribution were not part of a plan or series of related transactions giving effect to such a change in ownership. If the distribution were taxable to Viavi due to such a 50% or greater change in ownership of our stock, Viavi would recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of our common stock held by it immediately before the distribution over its tax basis in such stock, and we generally would be required to indemnify Viavi for the tax on such gain and related expenses. The indemnification obligation is not expected to be material because Viavi is expected to have a fair market value or substantially stepped-up tax basis in our shares immediately prior to the Separation. If, contrary to our expectation, it were determined that Viavi did not have a fair market value or substantially stepped-up tax basis in our shares, any such indemnification obligation could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
CONTENT_33:
We have entered into a tax matters agreement under which we will be subject to certain covenants and indemnification obligations that address compliance with Section&#160;355(e) of the Code. These covenants and indemnification obligations may limit our ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new businesses or other transactions that may maximize the value of our business, and might discourage or delay a strategic transaction that our stockholders may consider favorable.
CONTENT_34:
We may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the Separation, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. The Separation and distribution is expected to provide us with the following benefits, among others: &#8226;more effective pursuit of our distinct operating priorities and strategies; &#8226;a distinct investment identity allowing investors to evaluate the merits, performance and future prospects of our business separately from Viavi; &#8226;more efficient allocation of our capital; &#8226;direct access to the capital markets; and &#8226;a favorable cash effective tax rate for a number of years. We may not achieve these and other anticipated benefits for a variety of reasons, including, among others: (i)&#160;following the Separation, we may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than if we were still a part of Viavi; (ii)&#160;following the Separation, our business is less diversified and have less scale than Viavi&#8217;s business prior to the Separation; and (iii)&#160;the other actions required in connection with the Separation of Viavi&#8217;s and our respective businesses could disrupt our operations. If we fail to achieve any or all of the benefits expected to result from the Separation, or if such benefits are delayed, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. &#160;
CONTENT_35:

CONTENT_36:

CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:
Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ stock market ("NASDAQ") under the symbol "LITE." The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: &#8226;the sale of our shares by some stockholders after the distribution because our business profile and market capitalization may not fit their investment objectives; &#8226;the sale by Viavi of the retained shares as required by the terms of the IRS ruling; &#8226;actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; &#8226;changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; &#8226;the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; &#8226;a shift in our investor base; &#8226;our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry; &#8226;success or failure of our business strategy; &#8226;our ability to obtain financing as needed; &#8226;changes to the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate; &#8226;announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; &#8226;investor perception of us and our industry; &#8226;changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; &#8226;overall market fluctuations; and &#8226;general economic and market conditions and other external factors.
CONTENT_39:
Any sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market or the perception that such sales might occur, in connection with the distribution or otherwise, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Upon completion of the distribution on August 1, 2015, we had an aggregate of approximately 58.8 million shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. Except for the shares of our common stock retained by Viavi, these shares can be freely tradable without restriction or registration under the Securities Act, unless the shares are owned by one of our &#8220;affiliates,&#8221; as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. We are unable to predict whether large amounts of our common stock will be sold in the open market following the distribution. We are also unable to predict whether a sufficient number of buyers would be in the market at that time. In addition, following the Separation, Viavi retains an ownership interest in 19.9&#160;percent of our total shares outstanding for a limited period of time. Pursuant to a stockholder&#8217;s and registration rights agreement with Viavi, Viavi will be required to vote such shares in proportion to the votes cast by our other stockholders. In order to not jeopardize the tax-free status of the distribution, Viavi is required to dispose of such retained shares of our common stock that it owns as soon as practicable and consistent with its reasons for retaining such shares, but in no event later than three&#160;years after the distribution. Pursuant to the stockholder&#8217;s and registration rights agreement, upon the request of Viavi, we will effect the registration under applicable securities laws of the shares of common stock retained by Viavi. Subject to limited exceptions, we do not have the right to 24Table of Contentsprevent or delay the sale of our shares by Viavi pursuant to the stockholder&#8217;s and registration right agreement. Any disposition by Viavi, or any significant stockholder, of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such dispositions could occur, could materially increase the volatility of our stock price and adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock.
CONTENT_40:
We do not currently expect to pay dividends on our common stock. The payment of any dividends to our stockholders in the future, and the timing and amount thereof, will fall within the discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors&#8217; decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, potential debt service obligations or restrictive covenants, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. In addition, because we are a holding company with no material direct operations, we are dependent on loans, dividends and other payments from our operating subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to pay dividends on our common stock. However, our operating subsidiaries&#8217; ability to make such distributions will be subject to their operating results, cash requirements and financial condition and the applicable provisions of Delaware law that may limit the amount of funds available for distribution. Our ability to pay cash dividends may also be subject to covenants and financial ratios related to existing or future indebtedness, and other agreements with third parties.
CONTENT_41:

CONTENT_42:

CONTENT_43:
Our bylaws provide that, unless Lumentum consents in writing to an alternative forum, the state or federal courts of Delaware are the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of Lumentum; any action asserting breach of fiduciary duty, or other wrongdoing, by our directors, officers or other employees to Lumentum or its stockholders; any action asserting a claim against Lumentum pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; any action asserting a claim against Lumentum governed by the internal affairs doctrine; or any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws.  This exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court outside of Delaware were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.</div
