HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
Risks, Uncertainties and Other Factors That May Affect Future Results
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business 
HEADER_4:
Depressed and uncertain general economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
HEADER_5:
Our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated. 
HEADER_6:
If we do not introduce successful new products and services in a timely manner to address increased competition, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards, our products and services will become obsolete, and our operating results will suffer. 
HEADER_7:
Dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourcing other portions of our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage our reputation. Dependence on outsourced information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively. 
HEADER_8:
Failure to adjust our purchases due to changing market conditions or failure to estimate our customers' demand could adversely affect our income. 
HEADER_9:
Our operating results may suffer if our manufacturing capacity does not match the demand for our products. 
HEADER_10:
Economic, political and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. 
HEADER_11:
Significant key customers or large orders may expose us to additional business and legal risks that could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition
HEADER_12:
Our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel. 
HEADER_13:
Environmental contamination from past operations could subject us to unreimbursed costs and could harm on-site operations and the future use and value of the properties involved, and environmental contamination caused by ongoing operations could subject us to substantial liabilities in the future. 
HEADER_14:
We and our customers are subject to various governmental regulations, compliance with which may cause us to incur significant expenses, and if we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain regulations, we may be forced to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties. 
HEADER_15:
Third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services. 
HEADER_16:
Third parties may infringe our intellectual property rights, and we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our intellectual property rights. 
HEADER_17:
We are or will be subject to ongoing tax examinations of our tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. An adverse outcome of any such audit or examination by the IRS or other tax authority could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
HEADER_18:
Our operations may be adversely impacted by changes in our business mix or changes in the tax legislative landscape.
HEADER_19:
If tax incentives change or cease to be in effect, our income taxes could increase significantly. 
HEADER_20:
If we suffer a loss to our factories, facilities or distribution system due to a catastrophic event, our operations could be significantly harmed. 
HEADER_21:
If we experience a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems, our business could be adversely affected. 
HEADER_22:
Our business and financial results may be adversely affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings. 
HEADER_23:
Our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures may result in financial results that are different than expected. 
HEADER_24:
If we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of such transactions, our combined and consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price could be negatively impacted. 
HEADER_25:
We have substantial cash requirements in the United States, although most of our cash is generated outside of the United States. The failure to maintain a level of cash sufficient to address our cash requirements in the United States could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
HEADER_26:
We have outstanding debt and may incur other debt in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
HEADER_27:
We may need additional financing in the future to meet our capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all, and may be dilutive to existing shareholders. 
HEADER_28:
Adverse conditions in the global banking industry and credit markets may adversely impact the value of our cash investments or impair our liquidity. 
HEADER_29:
Future investment returns on pension assets may be lower than expected or interest rates may decline, requiring us to make significant additional cash contributions to our future plans. 
HEADER_30:
Risks Related to the Separation 
HEADER_31:
Our historical financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly-traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. 
HEADER_32:
Potential indemnification liabilities to Agilent pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
HEADER_33:
In connection with our separation from Agilent, Agilent will indemnify us for certain liabilities. However, there can be no assurance that the indemnity will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that Agilent's ability to satisfy its indemnification obligation will not be impaired in the future. 
HEADER_34:
We will be subject to continuing contingent liabilities of Agilent following the separation. 
HEADER_35:
There could be significant liability if the distribution is determined to be a taxable transaction. 
HEADER_36:
We may not be able to engage in certain corporate transactions for a two-year period after the separation. 
HEADER_37:
Certain of our executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity interest in Agilent. 
HEADER_38:
The one-time and ongoing costs of the spin-off may be greater than we expected.
HEADER_39:
Risks Related to Our Common Stock
HEADER_40:
Our share price may fluctuate significantly.
HEADER_41:
We cannot guarantee the payment of dividends on our common stock, or the timing or amount of any such dividends. 
HEADER_42:
Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of the company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 
HEADER_43:
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates that the state courts in the State of Delaware or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could discourage lawsuits against the company and our directors and officers. 
