HEADER_1:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_2:
Our success depends increasingly on customer acceptance of our newer products and services. 
HEADER_3:
A significant decrease in demand for our server virtualization products would adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_4:
We face intense competition that could adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_5:
Providers of public cloud infrastructure and SaaS-based offerings.
HEADER_6:
Large, diversified enterprise software and hardware companies
HEADER_7:
Companies offering competing platforms based on open source technologies
HEADER_8:
Our partners and members of our developer and technology partner ecosystem
HEADER_9:
The loss of key management personnel could harm our business.
HEADER_10:
Competition for our target employees is intense and costly, and we may not be able to attract and retain highly skilled employees.
HEADER_11:
The final impact of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on our tax liabilities is highly uncertain, may differ substantially from our provisional estimates and may adversely impact our operating results.
HEADER_12:
Adverse economic conditions may harm our business.
HEADER_13:
We may not be able to respond to rapid technological changes with new solutions and services offerings.
HEADER_14:
Breaches of our cybersecurity systems or the systems of our vendors, partners and suppliers could seriously harm our business.
HEADER_15:
Our operating results may fluctuate significantly.
HEADER_16:
We are exposed to foreign exchange risks.
HEADER_17:
We operate a global business that exposes us to additional risks.
HEADER_18:
We have outstanding indebtedness in the form of unsecured notes and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results.
HEADER_19:
Our current research and development efforts may not produce significant revenue for several years, if at all.
HEADER_20:
We are involved in litigation, investigations and regulatory inquiries and proceedings that could negatively affect us.
HEADER_21:
We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights.
HEADER_22:
Our use of “open source” software in our products could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to litigation.
HEADER_23:
The evolution of our business requires more complex go-to-market strategies, which involve significant risk.
HEADER_24:
Our success depends upon our ability to develop appropriate business and pricing models.
HEADER_25:
Our products and services are highly technical and may contain errors, defects or security vulnerabilities.
HEADER_26:
Failure to effectively manage our product and service lifecycles could harm our business.
HEADER_27:
Our success depends on the interoperability of our products and services with those of other companies.
HEADER_28:
Disruptions to our distribution channels could harm our business.
HEADER_29:
Our SaaS offerings rely on third-party providers for data center space and colocation services.
HEADER_30:
Joint ventures may not yield expected benefits and outcomes.
HEADER_31:
SaaS offerings, which involve various risks, constitute an important part of our business.
HEADER_32:
Improper disclosure and use of personal data could result in liability and impact our business.
HEADER_33:
If we fail to comply with our customer contracts or government contracting regulations, our business could be adversely affected.
HEADER_34:
Acquisitions and divestitures could harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_35:
If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
HEADER_36:
Problems with our information systems could interfere with our business and could adversely impact our operations.
HEADER_37:
We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities, and our operating results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected tax rates.
HEADER_38:
Catastrophic events or geo-political conditions could disrupt our business.
HEADER_39:
Changes in accounting principles and guidance could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects.
HEADER_40:
Risks Related to Our Relationship with Dell
HEADER_41:
Our stock price has fluctuated significantly following the announcement of the Dell Acquisition, and our relationship with Dell may adversely impact our business and stock price in the future.
HEADER_42:
Holders of our Class A common stock have limited ability to influence matters requiring stockholder approval.
HEADER_43:
Dell has the ability to prevent us from taking actions that might be in our best interest. 
HEADER_44:
Dell has the ability to prevent a change-in-control transaction and may sell control of VMware without benefiting other stockholders.
HEADER_45:
If Dell’s level of ownership significantly increases, Dell could unilaterally effect a merger of VMware into Dell without a vote of VMware stockholders or the VMware Board of Directors at a price per share that might not reflect a premium to then-current market prices. 
HEADER_46:
We engage in related persons transactions with Dell that may divert our resources, create opportunity costs and prove to be unsuccessful.
HEADER_47:
Our business and Dell’s businesses overlap, and Dell may compete with us, which could reduce our market share.
HEADER_48:
Dell’s competition in certain markets may affect our ability to build and maintain partnerships.
HEADER_49:
We could be held liable for the tax liabilities of other members of Dell’s consolidated tax group, and compared to our historical results as a member of the EMC consolidated tax group, our tax liabilities may increase, fluctuate more widely and be less predictable.
HEADER_50:
We have limited ability to resolve favorably any disputes that arise between us and Dell.
HEADER_51:
Our CEO, our CFO and some of our directors have potential conflicts of interest with Dell.
HEADER_52:
We are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the New York Stock Exchange rules and, as a result, are relying on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection to stockholders of companies that are not “controlled companies.”
HEADER_53:
Dell’s ability to control our board of directors may make it difficult for us to recruit independent directors.
HEADER_54:
Our historical financial information as a majority-owned subsidiary may not be representative of the results of a completely independent public company.
HEADER_55:
The realignment of our fiscal calendar to coincide with Dell’s and Dell’s reporting on our financial results may make it more difficult to compare our year-over-year performance and identify changes in business trends and conditions.
HEADER_56:
Risks Related to Owning Our Class A Common Stock
HEADER_57:
The price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated significantly in recent years and may fluctuate significantly in the future.
HEADER_58:
If securities or industry analysts change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_59:
Anti-takeover provisions in Delaware law and our charter documents could discourage takeover attempts.
