HEADER_1:
Risks Related to Our Businesses and Industries
HEADER_2:
We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could be adversely affected. 
HEADER_3:
We generate substantially all of our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers or a loss of partners could harm our business. 
HEADER_4:
Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our current operations.
HEADER_5:
More people are using devices other than desktop computers to access the Internet and accessing new devices to make search queries. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our search technology, products, or operating systems developed for these devices, our business could be adversely affected.
HEADER_6:
Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future.
HEADER_7:
We are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. Additionally, changes in policies governing a wide range of topics may adversely affect our business.
HEADER_8:
A variety of new and existing laws could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business.
HEADER_9:
We are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes.
HEADER_10:
We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content.
HEADER_11:
Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and services.
HEADER_12:
If our security measures are breached resulting in the improper use and disclosure of user data, or if our services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our products and services, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, users and customers may curtail or stop using our products and services, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure.
HEADER_13:
We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property or other claims, which are costly to defend, could result in significant damage awards, and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.
HEADER_14:
Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand.
HEADER_15:
Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
HEADER_16:
Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, Google Network Members, and other partners.
HEADER_17:
We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could adversely impact our financial results and prospects.
HEADER_18:
Web spam and content farms could decrease our search quality, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using our products and services.
HEADER_19:
Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results.
HEADER_20:
Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
HEADER_21:
Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations.
HEADER_22:
If we were to lose the services of Larry, Sergey, Eric, Sundar, or other key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy.
HEADER_23:
We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively.
HEADER_24:
Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may be able to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers.
HEADER_25:
New and existing technologies could block ads online, which would harm our business.
HEADER_26:
We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our investments.
HEADER_27:
We could be subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities.
HEADER_28:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Stock
HEADER_29:
The trading price for our Class A common stock and non-voting Class C capital stock may continue to be volatile.
HEADER_30:
We cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will be fully consummated or that our stock repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value, and stock repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our stock and could diminish our cash reserves.
HEADER_31:
The concentration of our stock ownership limits our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters.
HEADER_32:
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable.
HEADER_33:
Risks Related to Our Holding Company Reorganization
HEADER_34:
As a holding company, Alphabet is dependent on the operations and funds of its subsidiaries.
HEADER_35:
We may not obtain the anticipated benefits of our reorganization into a holding company structure.
