CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:
Our quarterly and annual results of operations may fluctuate significantly due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. This variability may lead to volatility in our stock price as research analysts and investors respond to quarterly fluctuations. In addition, comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis, particularly on a sequential quarterly basis, may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance.Factors that may affect our results of operations include:&#8226;the timing of new orders and revenue recognition for new and prior year orders;&#8226;seasonal buying patterns of our customers;&#8226;our ability to increase sales to and renew agreements with our existing customers, particularly larger customers with substantial negotiating leverage, at comparable prices;&#8226;our ability to renew existing contracts for multiple year terms versus annual automatic renewals;&#8226;our ability to attract new customers in both domestic and international markets;&#8226;structure of our licensing contracts, including fluctuations in perpetual licenses from period to period;&#8226;our ability to enter into contracts on favorable terms, including terms related to price, payment timing and product delivery;&#8226;volatility in the sales of our products and timing of the execution of new and renewal agreements within such periods;&#8226;the impact of a recession or any other adverse global economic conditions on our business, including uncertainties that may cause a delay in entering into or a failure to enter into significant customer agreements;&#8226;the lengthy and variable nature of our product implementation cycles;&#8226;reductions in our customers&#8217; budgets for information technology purchases and delays in their purchasing cycles;&#8226;erosion in services margins or significant increase or decrease in services revenues both in absolute terms and as a percentage of total revenues;&#8226;timing of commissions expense related to large transactions;&#8226;bonus expense based on the bonus attainment rate;&#8226;the timing and cost of hiring personnel and of large expenses such as third-party professional services;&#8226;stock-based compensation expenses, which vary along with changes to our stock price;&#8226;fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;&#8226;unanticipated trade sanctions and other restrictions that may impede our ability to sell internationally;&#8226;general domestic and international economic conditions, in the insurance industry in particular; and&#8226;future accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting rules or our accounting policies.In addition, our revenue may fluctuate if our customers make an early payment of their annual license fees in advance of the invoice due date. This may cause an unexpected increase in revenues in one quarter which can reduce revenue growth rates in future periods.  The foregoing factors are difficult to forecast, and these, as well as other factors, could materially adversely affect our quarterly and annual results of operations. We believe our ability to adjust spending quickly enough to compensate for a revenues shortfall is very limited and our inability to do so could magnify the adverse impact of such revenues shortfall on our results of operations. If we fail to achieve our quarterly forecasts, if our forecasts fall below the expectations of research 6Table of Contentsanalysts or investors, or if our actual results fail to meet the expectations of research analysts or investors, our stock price may decline.
CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:

CONTENT_5:
Our services revenues were 40%, 45%&#32;and 46%&#32;of total revenues for each of fiscal years 2015, 2014&#32;and 2013, respectively. Our services revenues produce lower gross margins than our license revenues. The gross margin of our services revenues was 12%, 13%&#32;and 16%&#32;for fiscal years 2015, 2014&#32;and 2013, respectively, while the gross margin for license revenues was 97%, 97%&#32;and 99%&#32;for the respective periods. An increase in the percentage of total revenues represented by services revenues or lower services margins could reduce our overall gross margins and adversely affect our results of operations.  These trends can be the result of several factors, some of which are outside of our control, including the rates we charge for our services and the utilization of our personnel, unexpected difficulty in projects which may require additional efforts without commensurate compensation and the extent to which system integrators provide services directly to customers.  Any erosion in our services margins or any significant increase in services revenues as a percentage of total revenues would adversely affect our results of operations.
CONTENT_6:

CONTENT_7:

CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:

CONTENT_10:
Certain of our product solutions collect, process, store, and use of transaction-level data aggregated across insurers using Guidewire&#8217;s common data model. Personal privacy has become a significant issue in the United States, Europe, and many other countries where we operate. Many federal, state, and foreign legislatures and government agencies have imposed or are considering imposing restrictions and requirements about the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. Changes to laws or regulations affecting privacy could impose additional costs and liability on us and could limit our use of such information to add value for customers. If we were required to change our business activities or revise or eliminate services, or to implement burdensome compliance measures, our business and results of operations could be harmed. Privacy concerns, whether valid or not, may also inhibit market adoption of our solutions in some situations, harming our growth. In addition, we may be subject to fines, penalties, and potential litigation if we fail to comply with applicable privacy regulations.The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by privacy-related laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our product solutions and reduce overall demand, or lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for any noncompliance.Furthermore, concerns regarding data privacy may cause our customers&#8217; customers to resist providing the data necessary to allow our customers to use our product solutions effectively. Even the perception that the privacy of personal information is not satisfactorily protected or does not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit sales of our products or services, and could limit adoption of our solutions.
CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:
The typical sales cycle for our products and services is lengthy and unpredictable, requires pre-purchase evaluation by a significant number of employees in our customers&#8217; organizations, and often involves a significant operational decision by our customers. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use and benefits of our products, including the technical capabilities of our products and the potential cost savings achievable by organizations deploying our products. Customers typically undertake a significant evaluation process, which frequently involves not only our products, but also those of our competitors and can result in a lengthy sales cycle. We spend substantial time, effort and money in our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. Even if we succeed at completing a sale, we may be unable to predict the size of an initial license until very late in the sales cycle. In addition, we sometimes commit to include specific functions in our base product offering at the request of a customer or group of customers and are unable to recognize license revenues until the specific functions have been added to our products. Providing this additional functionality may be time consuming and may involve factors that are outside of our control. The implementation and testing of our products by our customers typically lasts 6 to 24 months or longer and unexpected implementation delays and difficulties can occur. Implementing our products typically involves integration with our customers&#8217; systems, as well as adding their data to our platform. This can be complex, time consuming and expensive for our customers and can result in delays in the implementation and deployment of our products. Failing to meet the expectations of our customers for the implementation of our products could result in a loss of customers and negative publicity regarding us and our products and services. Such failure could result from our product capabilities or service engagements by us, our system integrator partners or our customers&#8217; IT employees, the latter two of which are beyond our direct control. The consequences could include, and have included: monetary credits for current or future service engagements, reduced fees for additional product sales, and a customer&#8217;s refusal to pay their contractually-obligated license, maintenance or service fees. In addition, time-consuming implementations may also increase the amount of services personnel we must allocate to each customer, thereby increasing our costs and adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition.The lengthy and variable sales and implementation cycles may have a negative impact on the timing of our revenues, causing our revenues and results of operations to vary significantly from period to period.
CONTENT_14:
We believe that our future growth will depend on the continued development of our global direct sales force and their ability to obtain new customers, particularly large P&amp;C insurance carriers, and to manage our existing customer base. Our ability to achieve significant growth in revenues in the future will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining a sufficient number of global direct sales personnel. New hires require significant training and may, in some cases, take more than a year before becoming productive, if at all. If we are unable to hire and develop sufficient numbers of productive global direct sales personnel, sales of our products and services will suffer and our growth will be impeded.11Table of ContentsWe believe our future growth also will depend on the expansion of successful relationships with system integrators. Our system integrators as channel partners help us reach additional customers. Our growth in revenues, particularly in international markets, will be influenced by the development and maintenance of this indirect sales channel which, in some cases, may require the establishment of effective relationships with regional systems integrators. Although we have established relationships with some of the leading system integrators, our products and services may compete directly against products and services that such leading system integrators support or market, and in the case of Accenture, own. We are unable to control the quantity or quality of resources that our system integrator partners commit to implementing our products, or the quality or timeliness of such implementation. If our partners do not commit sufficient or qualified resources to these activities, our customers will be less satisfied, be less supportive with references, or may require the investment of our resources at discounted rates. These, and other failures by our partners to successfully implement our products, will have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations could fail to grow in line with our projections.
CONTENT_15:
Some of our customers include the largest P&amp;C insurance carriers. These customers have significant bargaining power when negotiating new licenses or renewals of existing licenses, and have the ability to buy similar products from other vendors or develop such systems internally. These customers have and may continue to seek advantageous pricing and other commercial terms and may require us to develop additional features in the products we sell to them. We have and may continue to be required to reduce the average selling price, or increase the average cost, of our products in response to these pressures. If we are unable to avoid reducing our average selling prices or increase our average costs, our results of operations could be harmed.
CONTENT_16:
We derive a significant majority of our revenues and cash flows from software licenses, support and services related to our InsuranceSuite product or its individual component applications:  ClaimCenter, PolicyCenter and BillingCenter. We expect to continue to derive a substantial portion of our revenues from these sources. As such, increased market acceptance of these products is critical to our continued growth and success. Demand for our products is affected by a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the successful implementation of our products, the timing of development and release of new products by us and our competitors, technological advances which reduce the appeal of our products, and the growth or contraction in the worldwide market for technological solutions for the P&amp;C insurance industry. If we are unable to continue to meet customer demands,  to achieve and maintain a technological advantage over competitors, or to achieve more widespread market acceptance of our products, our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects will be materially and adversely affected.
CONTENT_17:
Our customers have no obligation to renew their term licenses after their license period expires, and these licenses may not be renewed on the same or more favorable terms. Moreover, under certain circumstances, our customers have the right to cancel their license agreements before they expire. We have limited historical data with respect to rates of customer license renewals, upgrades and expansions so we may not accurately predict future trends in customer renewals. In addition, our term and perpetual license customers have no obligation to renew their maintenance arrangements after the expiration of the initial contractual period. Our customers&#8217; renewal rates may fluctuate or decline because of several factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our products and services, the prices of our products and services, the prices of products and services offered by our competitors or reductions in our customers&#8217; spending levels due to the macroeconomic environment or other factors. In addition, in some cases, our customers have a right to exercise a perpetual buyout of their term licenses at the end of the initial contract term. If our customers do not renew their term licenses for our solutions or renew on less favorable terms, our revenues may decline or grow more slowly than expected and our profitability may be harmed.
CONTENT_18:
Our success depends on our continued ability to develop, introduce and market new and enhanced versions of our products to meet evolving customer requirements. Because our products are complex and require rigorous testing, development 12Table of Contentscycles can be lengthy, taking us multiple years to develop and introduce new products or provide updates to our existing products. Additionally, market conditions may dictate that we change the technology platform underlying our existing products or that new products be developed on different technology platforms, potentially adding material time and expense to our development cycles. The nature of these development cycles may cause us to experience delays between the time we incur expenses associated with research and development and the time we generate revenues, if any, from such expenses. If we fail to develop new products or enhancements to our existing products, our business could be adversely affected, especially if our competitors are able to introduce products with enhanced functionality. It is critical to our success for us to anticipate changes in technology, industry standards and customer requirements and to successfully introduce new, enhanced and competitive products to meet our customers&#8217; and prospective customers&#8217; needs on a timely basis. We have invested and intend to increase investments in research and development to meet these challenges.  Revenues may not be sufficient to support the future product development that is required for us to remain competitive. If we fail to develop products in a timely manner that are competitive in technology and price or develop products that fail to meet customer demands, our market share will decline and our business and results of operations could be harmed.
CONTENT_19:
Because we offer complex products, undetected errors or failures may exist or occur, especially when products are first introduced or when new versions are released. Our products are often installed and used in large-scale computing environments with different operating systems, system management software and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors or failures in our products or may expose undetected errors, failures or bugs in our products. Despite testing by us, we may not identify all errors, failures or bugs in new products or releases until after commencement of commercial sales or installation. In the past, we have discovered software errors, failures and bugs in some of our product offerings after their introduction.We provide our customers with upfront estimates regarding the duration, resources and costs associated with the implementation of our products. Failure to meet these upfront estimates and the expectations of our customers could result from our product capabilities or service engagements by us, our system integrator partners or our customers&#8217; IT employees, the latter two of which are beyond our direct control. The consequences could include, and have included: monetary credits for current or future service engagements, reduced fees for additional product sales, and a customer&#8217;s refusal to pay their contractually-obligated license, maintenance or service fees. In addition, time-consuming implementations may also increase the amount of services personnel we must allocate to each customer, thereby increasing our costs and adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition.The license and support of our software creates the risk of significant liability claims against us. Our license agreements with our customers contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to potential liability claims. It is possible, however, that the limitation of liability provisions contained in such license agreements may not be enforced as a result of international, federal, state and local laws or ordinances or unfavorable judicial decisions. Breach of warranty or damage liability, or injunctive relief resulting from such claims, could harm our results of operations and financial condition.
CONTENT_20:
Our success depends in part on our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property rights. We rely upon a combination of trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent and unfair competition laws, as well as license agreements and other contractual provisions, to do so.We have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications related to certain of our innovations. We do not know whether those patent applications will result in the issuance of a patent or whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims. In addition, we may not receive competitive advantages from the rights granted under our patents and other intellectual property. Our existing patents and any patents granted to us or that we otherwise acquire in the future, may be contested, circumvented or invalidated, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing these patents. Therefore, the extent of the protection afforded by these patents cannot be predicted with certainty. In addition, given the costs, effort, risks and downside of obtaining patent protection, including the requirement to ultimately disclose the invention to the public, we may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations; however, such patent protection could later prove to be important to our business.We also rely on several registered and unregistered trademarks to protect our brand. Nevertheless, competitors may adopt service names similar to ours, or purchase our trademarks and confusingly similar terms as keywords in Internet search engine advertising programs, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to confusion in the marketplace. 13Table of ContentsIn addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our trademarks. Any claims or customer confusion related to our trademarks could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations.We attempt to protect our intellectual property, technology, and confidential information by generally requiring our employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality and assignment of inventions agreements and third parties to enter into nondisclosure agreements, all of which offer only limited protection. These agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology. Despite our efforts to protect our confidential information, intellectual property, and technology, unauthorized third parties may gain access to our confidential proprietary information, develop and market products or services similar to ours, or use trademarks similar to ours, any of which could materially harm our business and results of operations. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and confidential information, and in such cases, we could not assert any trade secret rights against such parties. Existing U.S. federal, state and international intellectual property laws offer only limited protection. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as governmental agencies and private parties in the United States. Moreover, policing our intellectual property rights is difficult, costly and may not always be effective.From time to time, legal action by us may be necessary to enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to protect our technology and to adequately maintain and protect our intellectual property rights, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the additional expense, time and effort required to create the innovative products that have enabled us to be successful to date.
CONTENT_21:
Our software license agreements typically contain provisions permitting the customer to become a party to, or a beneficiary of, a source code escrow agreement under which we place the proprietary source code for our products in escrow with a third party. Under these escrow agreements, the source code to the applicable product may be released to the customer, typically for its use to maintain, modify and enhance the product, upon the occurrence of specified events, such as our filing for bankruptcy, discontinuance of our maintenance services and breaching our representations, warranties or covenants of our agreements with our customers. Additionally, in some cases, customers have the right to request access to our source code upon demand. Some of our customers have obtained the source code for certain of our products by exercising this right, and others may do so in the future.Disclosing the content of our source code may limit the intellectual property protection we can obtain or maintain for that source code or the products containing that source code and may facilitate intellectual property infringement claims against us. It also could permit a customer to which a product&#8217;s source code is disclosed to support and maintain that software product without being required to purchase our support or maintenance services. Each of these could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
CONTENT_22:

CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:
Our products are complex and are deployed in a wide variety of network environments. The proper use of our products requires training of the customer. If our products are not used correctly or as intended, inadequate performance may result. Our products may also be intentionally misused or abused by customers or their employees or third parties who are able to access or use our products. Because our customers rely on our products, services and maintenance support to manage a wide range of operations, the incorrect or improper use of our products, our failure to properly train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our products, or our failure to properly provide maintenance services to our customers may result in negative publicity or legal claims against us. Also, as we continue to expand our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services will likely result in lost opportunities for follow-on sales of our products and services.In addition, if there is substantial turnover of customer personnel responsible for use of our products, or if customer personnel are not well trained in the use of our products, customers may defer the deployment of our products, may deploy them in a more limited manner than originally anticipated or may not deploy them at all. Further, if there is substantial turnover of the customer personnel responsible for use of our products, our ability to make additional sales may be substantially limited.
CONTENT_25:
If we or our system integration providers do not effectively assist our customers in deploying our products, succeed in helping our customers quickly resolve post-deployment issues, and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell additional products and services to existing customers would be adversely affected and our reputation with potential customers could be damaged. Once our products are deployed and integrated with our customers&#8217; existing information technology investments and data, our customers may depend on our technical support services and/or the support of system integrators or internal resources to resolve any issues relating to our products. High-quality support is critical for the continued successful marketing and sale of our products. In addition, as we continue to expand our operations internationally, our support organization will face additional challenges, including those associated with delivering support, training and documentation in languages other than English. Many enterprise customers require higher levels of support than smaller customers. If we fail to meet the requirements of our larger customers, it may be more difficult to increase our penetration with larger customers, a key group for the growth of our revenues and profitability. As we rely more on system integrators to provide deployment and on-going services, our ability to ensure a high level of quality in addressing customer issues is diminished. Our failure to maintain high-quality implementation and support services, or to ensure that system integrators provide the same, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
CONTENT_26:
15Table of ContentsOur future success depends upon our ability to continue to attract, train, integrate and retain highly skilled employees, particularly our management team, sales and marketing personnel, professional services personnel and software engineers. Our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, or delays in hiring required personnel, may seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.&#32;Each of our executive officers and other key employees could terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. The loss of any member of our senior management team might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business or development objectives and could materially harm our business. In addition, a number of our senior management personnel are substantially vested in their stock option grants or other equity compensation. While we periodically grant additional equity awards to management personnel and other key employees to provide additional incentives to remain employed by us, employees may be more likely to leave us if a significant portion of their equity compensation is fully vested, especially if the shares underlying the equity awards have significantly appreciated in value. We face competition for qualified individuals, who are in high demand, from numerous software and other technology companies. Competition for qualified personnel is particularly intense in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters are located. Often, significant amounts of time and resources are required to train technical, sales and other personnel. We may incur significant costs to attract and retain them, and we may lose new employees to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. Also, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited or divulged proprietary or other confidential information. We have a limited number of sales people and the loss of several sales people within a short period of time could have a negative impact on our sales efforts. We may be unable to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational and managerial requirements, or we may be required to pay increased compensation in order to do so. Our ability to expand geographically depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, retain and integrate both leaders for the local business and people with the appropriate skills. Similarly, our profitability depends on our ability to effectively utilize personnel with the right mix of skills and experience to perform services for our clients, including our ability to transition employees to new assignments on a timely basis. If we are unable to effectively deploy our employees globally on a timely basis to fulfill the needs of our clients, our reputation could suffer and our ability to attract new clients may be harmed. Because of the technical nature of our products and services and the dynamic market in which we compete, any failure to attract, integrate and retain qualified direct sales, professional services and product development personnel, as well as our contract workers, could harm our ability to generate sales or successfully develop new products, customer and consulting services and enhancements of existing products.
CONTENT_27:
We have recently experienced rapid growth and expect to continue to expand our operations, among other factors, in the number of employees and in the locations and scope of our international operations. This expansion has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our operational and financial resources and our personnel. To manage our anticipated future operational expansion effectively, we must continue to maintain and may need to enhance our information technology infrastructure, financial and accounting systems and controls and manage expanded operations and employees in geographically distributed locations. Our growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of new products. If we increase the size of our organization without experiencing an increase in sales of our products and services, we will experience reductions in our gross and operating margins and net income. If we are unable to effectively manage our expanding operations, our expenses may increase more than expected, our revenues could decline or grow more slowly than expected and we may be unable to implement our business strategy.
CONTENT_28:
We sell our products and services to customers located outside the United States and Canada, and we are continuing to expand our international operations as part of our growth strategy. In fiscal years 2015, 2014&#32;and 2013, 35%, 31%&#32;and 28%&#32;of our revenues, respectively, were derived from outside of the United States and Canada. Our current international operations and our plans to expand our international operations subject us to a variety of risks, including:&#8226;increased management, travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with having multiple international operations;&#8226;unique terms and conditions in contract negotiations imposed by customers in foreign countries;&#8226;longer payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable;&#8226;the need to localize our products and licensing programs for international customers;16Table of Contents&#8226;lack of familiarity with and unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements;&#8226;increased exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates;&#8226;the burdens and costs of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and legal standards;&#8226;compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (&#8220;FCPA&#8221;), the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption regulations, particularly in emerging market countries;&#8226;compliance by international staff with accounting practices generally accepted in the United States, including adherence to our accounting policies and internal controls; &#8226;import and export license requirements, tariffs, taxes and other trade barriers;&#8226;increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities;&#8226;weaker protection of intellectual property rights in some countries;&#8226;multiple and possibly overlapping tax regimes; &#8226;government sanctions that may interfere with our ability to sell into particular countries, such as Russia; and&#8226;political, social and economic instability abroad, terrorist attacks and security concerns in general.As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. Any of these risks could harm our international operations and reduce our international sales, adversely affecting our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:
As a public company, we incur legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (&#8220;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&#8221;), as well as rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) and the New York Stock Exchange, impose additional requirements on public companies, including specific corporate governance practices. We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and we have incurred costs to implement additional internal controls as well as to obtain an independent auditors report on our internal control over financial reporting. Additionally, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange require that we satisfy numerous corporate governance requirements. Our management and other personnel will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. These rules and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers.
CONTENT_32:
Preparing our consolidated financial statements involves a number of complex manual and automated processes, which are dependent upon individual data input or review and require significant management judgment. One or more of these elements may result in errors that may not be detected and could result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that as a publicly-traded company we disclose whether our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures are effective.If a material misstatement occurs in the future, we may fail to meet our future reporting obligations.  For example, we may fail to file periodic reports in a timely manner or may need to restate our financial results, either of which may cause the price of our common stock to decline. Any failure of our internal controls could also adversely affect the results of the periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that are required under Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial fraud. Furthermore, any potential transition in enterprise resource planning or other major operational system could impact the timely generation of our financial statements. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and results of operations could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our stock could drop significantly.
CONTENT_33:
We are subject to federal, state and local income taxes in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates and the value of our deferred tax assets could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws. In addition, we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from such examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Although we believe we have made appropriate provisions for taxes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, changes in the tax laws or challenges from tax authorities under existing tax laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.18Table of Contents
CONTENT_34:
We may need additional financing to execute on our current or future business strategies, including to develop new or enhance existing products and services, acquire businesses and technologies, or otherwise to respond to competitive pressures.If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders could be significantly diluted, and these newly-issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If we incur additional funds through debt financing, a substantial portion of our operating cash flow may be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness, thus limiting funds available for our business activities. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, when we desire them, our ability to fund our operations, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop or enhance our products and services, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. Any of these factors could harm our results of operations.
CONTENT_35:
Our corporate headquarters and the majority of our operations are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, tsunami, fire or a flood, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. To the extent that such disruptions result in delays or cancellations of customer orders, or the deployment of our products, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected.
CONTENT_36:
The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, the risk factors described in this report, and other factors beyond our control, such as fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us and research analyst coverage about our business.Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, have and may continue to affect the market price of our common stock.In the past, many companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may become the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.
CONTENT_37:
We currently do not plan to declare dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, the only opportunity to achieve a return on investment in our company will be if the market price of our common stock appreciates and shares are sold at a profit.
CONTENT_38:
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions may also prevent or delay attempts by stockholders to replace or remove our current management or members of our board of directors. These provisions include:&#8226;providing for a classified board of directors with staggered three-year terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors;&#8226;not providing for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates;19Table of Contents&#8226;authorizing our board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock rights senior to those of common stock, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer;&#8226;prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders;&#8226;limiting the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders, which could delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and&#8226;requiring advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer&#8217;s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us.The affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66&#160;2/3% of our shares of capital stock entitled to vote is generally necessary to amend or repeal the above provisions that are contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Also, absent approval of our board of directors, our amended and restated bylaws may only be amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 50% of our shares of capital stock entitled to vote.In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section&#160;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15% or more of our outstanding common stock, from engaging in certain business combinations without approval of substantially all of our stockholders for a certain period of time.These and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and under Delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock in the future and result in the market price being lower than it would be without these provisions.20<hr style="page-break-after:always"
