HEADER_1:
Risks Associated With Our Business, Industry and Market Conditions
HEADER_2:
The success of our business depends on sustaining or growing our licensing revenue and the failure to achieve such revenue would lead to a material decline in our results of operations.
HEADER_3:
We have traditionally operated in, and may enter other, industries that are highly cyclical and competitive.
HEADER_4:
We may have to invest more resources in research and development than anticipated, which could increase our operating expenses and negatively impact our operating results.
HEADER_5:
Our revenue is concentrated in a few customers, and if we lose any of these customers through contract terminations or acquisitions, our revenue may decrease substantially.
HEADER_6:
Our business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches.
HEADER_7:
Failures in our products and services or in the products of our customers, including those resulting from security vulnerabilities, defects, bugs or errors, could harm our business.
HEADER_8:
Some of our revenue is subject to the pricing policies of our customers over whom we have no control.
HEADER_9:
Our licensing cycle is lengthy and costly, and our marketing and licensing efforts may be unsuccessful.
HEADER_10:
Future revenue is difficult to predict for several reasons, and our failure to predict revenue accurately may result in our stock price declining.
HEADER_11:
We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business, which would likely cause our stock price to decline.
HEADER_12:
We have in the past made and may in the future make acquisitions or enter into mergers, strategic investments, sales of assets or other arrangements that may not produce expected operating and financial results.
HEADER_13:
A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from sources outside of the United States and this revenue and our business generally are subject to risks related to international operations that are often beyond our control.
HEADER_14:
Weak global economic conditions may adversely affect demand for the products and services of our customers.
HEADER_15:
If our counterparties are unable to fulfill their financial and other obligations to us, our business and results of operations may be affected adversely
HEADER_16:
If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business and operations could suffer.
HEADER_17:
We are subject to various government restrictions and regulations, including on the sale of products and services that use encryption technology and those related to privacy and other consumer protection matters.
HEADER_18:
Our operations are subject to risks of natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism, widespread illness or security breach at our domestic and international locations, any one of which could result in a business stoppage and negatively affect our operating results.
HEADER_19:
We do not have extensive experience in manufacturing and marketing products and, as a result, may be unable to sustain and grow a profitable commercial market for new and existing products. 
HEADER_20:
We rely on a number of third-party providers for data center hosting facilities, equipment, maintenance and other services, and the loss of, or problems with, one or more of these providers may impede our growth or cause us to lose customers.
HEADER_21:
We rely on third parties for a variety of services, including manufacturing, and these third parties’ failure to perform these services adequately could materially and adversely affect our business. 
HEADER_22:
Warranty and product liability claims brought against us could cause us to incur significant costs and adversely affect our operating results as well as our reputation and relationships with customers.
HEADER_23:
Any failure in our delivery of high-quality technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results.
HEADER_24:
Certain software that we use in certain of our products is licensed from third parties and, for that reason, may not be available to us in the future, which has the potential to delay product development and production or cause us to incur additional expense, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.
HEADER_25:
Certain software we use is from open source code sources, which, under certain circumstances, may lead to unintended consequences and, therefore, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.
HEADER_26:
Our business and operating results could be harmed if we undertake any restructuring activities.
HEADER_27:
Risks Related to Capitalization Matters and Corporate Governance 
HEADER_28:
The price of our common stock may continue to fluctuate.
HEADER_29:
We have been party to, and may in the future be subject to, lawsuits relating to securities law matters which may result in unfavorable outcomes and significant judgments, settlements and legal expenses which could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to suffer.
HEADER_30:
We are leveraged financially, which could adversely affect our ability to adjust our business to respond to competitive pressures and to obtain sufficient funds to satisfy our future research and development needs, to protect and enforce our intellectual property, and to meet other needs.
HEADER_31:
Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses.
HEADER_32:
Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, Delaware law and our outstanding convertible notes contain provisions that could discourage transactions resulting in a change in control, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_33:
Unanticipated changes in our tax rates or in the tax laws and regulations could expose us to additional income tax liabilities which could affect our operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_34:
Litigation, Regulation and Business Risks Related to our Intellectual Property
HEADER_35:
We have in the past, and may in the future, become engaged in litigation stemming from our efforts to protect and enforce our patents and intellectual property and make other claims, which could adversely affect our intellectual property rights, distract our management and cause substantial expenses and declines in our revenue and stock price.
HEADER_36:
From time to time, we are subject to proceedings by government agencies that may result in adverse determinations against us and could cause our revenue to decline substantially.
HEADER_37:
Litigation or other third-party claims of intellectual property infringement could require us to expend substantial resources and could prevent us from developing or licensing our technology on a cost-effective basis.
HEADER_38:
If we are unable to protect our inventions successfully through the issuance and enforcement of patents, our operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_39:
Our inability to protect and own the intellectual property we create would cause our business to suffer.
HEADER_40:
Third parties may claim that our products or services infringe on their intellectual property rights, exposing us to litigation that, regardless of merit, may be costly to defend.
HEADER_41:
We rely upon the accuracy of our customers' recordkeeping, and any inaccuracies or payment disputes for amounts owed to us under our licensing agreements may harm our results of operations.
HEADER_42:
Any dispute regarding our intellectual property may require us to indemnify certain customers, the cost of which could severely hamper our business operations and financial condition.
