HEADER_1:
Risks, Uncertainties and Other Factors That May Affect Future Results
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Business 
HEADER_3:
Depressed and uncertain general economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
HEADER_4:
Our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated. 
HEADER_5:
If we do not introduce successful new products and services in a timely manner to address increased competition, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards, our products and services will become obsolete, and our operating results will suffer. 
HEADER_6:
Dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourcing other portions of our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage our reputation. Dependence on outsourced information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively. 
HEADER_7:
Failure to adjust our purchases due to changing market conditions or failure to estimate our customers' demand could adversely affect our income. 
HEADER_8:
Our operating results may suffer if our manufacturing capacity does not match the demand for our products. 
HEADER_9:
Industry consolidation and consolidation among our customer base may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results.
HEADER_10:
Economic, political and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. 
HEADER_11:
Key customers or large orders may expose us to additional business and legal risks that could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition
HEADER_12:
Our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel. 
HEADER_13:
Any inability to complete acquisitions on acceptable terms could negatively impact our growth rate and financial performance.
HEADER_14:
Our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures may result in financial results that are different than expected. 
HEADER_15:
We have outstanding debt and may incur other debt in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
HEADER_16:
Environmental contamination from past operations could subject us to unreimbursed costs and could harm on-site operations and the future use and value of the properties involved, and environmental contamination caused by ongoing operations could subject us to substantial liabilities in the future. 
HEADER_17:
We and our customers are subject to various governmental regulations, compliance with which may cause us to incur significant expenses, and if we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain regulations, we may be forced to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties. 
HEADER_18:
Third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services. 
HEADER_19:
Third parties may infringe our intellectual property rights, and we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our intellectual property rights. 
HEADER_20:
We are or will be subject to ongoing tax examinations of our tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. An adverse outcome of any such audit or examination by the IRS or other tax authority could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
HEADER_21:
Our operations may be adversely impacted by changes in our business mix or changes in the tax legislative landscape.
HEADER_22:
If tax incentives change or cease to be in effect, our income taxes could increase significantly. 
HEADER_23:
If we suffer a loss to our factories, facilities or distribution system due to a catastrophic event, our operations could be significantly harmed. 
HEADER_24:
If we experience a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems, our business could be adversely affected. 
HEADER_25:
Man-made problems such as cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses or terrorism may disrupt our operations and harm our business, reputation and operating results
HEADER_26:
Our business and financial results may be adversely affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings. 
HEADER_27:
We have substantial cash requirements in the United States, although most of our cash is generated outside of the United States. The failure to maintain a level of cash sufficient to address our cash requirements in the United States could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
HEADER_28:
We may need additional financing in the future to meet our capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all, and may be dilutive to existing shareholders. 
HEADER_29:
Adverse conditions in the global banking industry and credit markets may adversely impact the value of our cash investments or impair our liquidity. 
HEADER_30:
Future investment returns on pension assets may be lower than expected or interest rates may decline, requiring us to make significant additional cash contributions to our future plans. 
HEADER_31:
Risks Related to Our Common Stock
HEADER_32:
Our share price may fluctuate significantly.
HEADER_33:
We do not currently pay dividends on our common stock. 
HEADER_34:
Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of the company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 
HEADER_35:
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates that the state courts in the State of Delaware or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could discourage lawsuits against the company and our directors and officers. 
HEADER_36:
Risks Related to the Acquisition of Ixia
HEADER_37:
We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of the Merger or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. We may also encounter significant unexpected difficulties in integrating the two businesses.
HEADER_38:
Uncertainties associated with the Merger may cause a loss of employees and may otherwise materially adversely affect the future business and operations of the combined company. 
HEADER_39:
We and Ixia will incur direct and indirect costs as a result of the Merger. 
HEADER_40:
Risks Related to the Separation
HEADER_41:
We will be subject to continuing contingent liabilities of Agilent following the separation. 
HEADER_42:
There could be significant liability if the distribution is determined to be a taxable transaction. 
