HEADER_1:
If we fail to realize the anticipated benefits from our acquisition of HGST, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
HEADER_2:
Adverse global economic conditions and credit market uncertainty could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
HEADER_3:
Credit Volatility and Loss of Receivables. 
HEADER_4:
We participate in a highly competitive industry that is subject to declining average selling prices ("ASPs"), volatile gross margins and significant shifts in market share, all of which could adversely affect our operating results. 
HEADER_5:
Our failure to accurately forecast market and customer demand for our products, or to quickly adjust to forecast changes, could adversely affect our business and financial results or operating efficiencies. 
HEADER_6:
We experience significant sales seasonality and cyclicality, which could cause our operating results to fluctuate. 
HEADER_7:
Our sales to the CE, cloud computing, network attached storage (NAS), surveillance and enterprise markets, which have accounted for and may continue accounting for an increasing percentage of our overall revenue, may grow at a slower rate than current estimates or not at all, which could materially adversely impact our operating results. 
HEADER_8:
Adverse global economic conditions and credit market uncertainty could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.”
HEADER_9:
Deterioration in the client compute market ("the PC market") has accelerated, which could cause our operating results to suffer. 
HEADER_10:
Selling to the retail market is an important part of our business, and if we fail to maintain and grow our market share or gain market acceptance of our branded products, our operating results could suffer. 
HEADER_11:
Sales in the distribution channel are important to our business, and if we fail to respond to demand changes in distribution markets or if distribution markets for our products weaken, our operating results could suffer. 
HEADER_12:
Loss of market share with or by a key customer, or consolidation among our customer base, could harm our operating results. 
HEADER_13:
Expansion into new markets may increase the complexity of our business, cause us to increase our research and development expenses to develop new products and technologies or cause our capital expenditures to increase, and if we are unable to successfully adapt our business processes and product offerings as required by these new markets, our ability to grow will be adversely affected. 
HEADER_14:
Our vertical integration of head and magnetic media manufacturing makes us dependent on our ability to timely and cost-effectively develop heads and magnetic media with leading technology and overall quality, increasing capital expenditure costs and asset utilization risks for our business. 
HEADER_15:
We make significant investments in research and development to improve our technology and develop new technologies, and unsuccessful investments or investments that are not cost effective could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
HEADER_16:
Current or future competitors may gain a technology advantage or develop an advantageous cost structure that we cannot match. 
HEADER_17:
Consolidation within the data storage industry could provide competitive advantages to our competitors. 
HEADER_18:
Some of our competitors with diversified business units outside of storage products, may, over extended periods of time, sell storage products at prices that we cannot profitably match. 
HEADER_19:
If we fail to qualify our products with our customers, it may have a significant adverse impact on our sales and margins. 
HEADER_20:
We are subject to risks related to product defects or the unintended use of our products, which could result in product recalls or epidemic failures and could subject us to warranty claims in excess of our warranty provisions or which are greater than anticipated. 
HEADER_21:
Because we are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers for components, sub-assemblies, equipment, consumables, raw materials, and logistics,  a supplier’s inability, unwillingness, or failure to support us in a timely manner with goods or services at a quality level and cost acceptable to us can adversely affect our margins, revenues and operating results.  
HEADER_22:
A fundamental change in storage technologies could result in significant increases in our costs and could put us at a competitive disadvantage,” and “If we do not properly manage technology transitions, our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively affected,” 
HEADER_23:
Price volatility, shortages of critical materials or components, or use by other industries of materials and components used in the storage industry, may negatively impact our operating results. 
HEADER_24:
Contractual commitments with component suppliers may result in us paying increased charges and cash advances for such components or may cause us to have inadequate or excess component inventory. 
HEADER_25:
Changes in product life cycles could adversely affect our financial results. 
HEADER_26:
A fundamental change in storage technologies could result in significant increases in our costs and could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 
HEADER_27:
The difficulty of introducing hard drives with higher levels of areal density and the challenges of reducing other costs may impact our ability to achieve historical levels of cost reduction. 
HEADER_28:
If we do not properly manage technology transitions, our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively affected. 
HEADER_29:
If we do not properly manage new product development, our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively affected. 
HEADER_30:
If we fail to develop and introduce new products that are competitive against alternative storage technologies, our business may suffer. 
HEADER_31:
Our operations, and those of certain of our suppliers and customers, are concentrated in large, purpose-built facilities, subjecting us to substantial risk of damage or loss if operations at any of these facilities are disrupted. 
HEADER_32:
Manufacturing, marketing and selling our products globally subjects us to numerous risks. 
HEADER_33:
Terrorist attacks may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
HEADER_34:
Sudden disruptions to the availability of air transportation, or ocean or land freight lanes, could have an impact on our operations. 
HEADER_35:
If our technology infrastructure, systems or products are compromised, damaged or interrupted by cyber attacks, data security breaches, other security problems, security vulnerabilities, design defects, or sustain system failures, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
HEADER_36:
We are subject to laws, rules, and regulations in the U.S. and other countries relating to the collection, use, sharing, and security of third-party data including personal data, and our failure to comply with these laws, rules and regulations could subject us to proceedings by governmental entities or others and cause us to incur penalties, significant legal liability, or loss of customers, loss of revenue, and reputational harm
HEADER_37:
If we fail to identify, manage, complete and integrate acquisitions, investment opportunities or other significant transactions, which are a key part of our growth strategy, it may adversely affect our future results. 
HEADER_38:
If we fail to realize the anticipated benefits from our acquisition of HGST on a timely basis, or at all, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected.”
HEADER_39:
Our strategic relationships subject us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_40:
Because we are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers for components, sub-assemblies, equipment, consumables, raw materials, and logistics,  a supplier’s inability, unwillingness, or failure to support us in a timely manner with goods or services at a quality level and cost acceptable to us can adversely affect our margins, revenues and operating results,
HEADER_41:
The loss of our key executive management, staff and skilled employees, the inability to hire and integrate new employees or decisions to realign our business could negatively impact our business prospects. 
HEADER_42:
The nature of our industry and its reliance on intellectual property and other proprietary information subjects us and our suppliers and customers to the risk of significant litigation. 
HEADER_43:
Our reliance on intellectual property and other proprietary information subjects us to the risk that these key ingredients of our business could be copied by competitors. 
HEADER_44:
The costs of compliance with state, federal and international legal and regulatory requirements, such as environmental, labor, trade, health, safety, anti-corruption and tax regulations, customers’ standards of corporate citizenship, and industry and coalition standards, such as those established by the Electronics Industry Citizenship Coalition, could cause an increase in our operating costs. 
HEADER_45:
Conflict minerals regulations may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain components and metals contained in our products.
HEADER_46:
Violation of applicable laws, including labor or environmental laws, and certain other practices by our suppliers or customers could harm our business. 
HEADER_47:
Any decisions to reduce or discontinue paying cash dividends to our shareholders or repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our previously announced stock repurchase program could cause the market price for our common stock to decline. 
HEADER_48:
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations may negatively affect our operating results. 
HEADER_49:
Increases in our customers’ credit risk could result in credit losses and term extensions under existing contracts with customers with credit losses could result in an increase in our operating costs. 
HEADER_50:
Our operating results fluctuate, sometimes significantly, from period to period due to many factors, which may result in a significant decline in our stock price. 
HEADER_51:
We have made and continue to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to our consolidated financial reporting, and actual results may differ significantly from our estimates and assumptions. 
HEADER_52:
The market price of our common stock is volatile. 
HEADER_53:
The resale of shares of common stock issued to Hitachi, Ltd. ("Hitachi") in connection with our acquisition of HGST could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
HEADER_54:
Our cash balances and investment portfolio are subject to various risks, any of which could adversely impact our financial position.  
HEADER_55:
If our internal controls are found to be ineffective, our stock price may be adversely affected. 
HEADER_56:
Restrictive covenants in our credit agreement could restrict current and future operations or limit our flexibility to take certain actions. 
HEADER_57:
From time to time we may become subject to income tax examinations or similar proceedings, and as a result we may incur additional costs and expenses or owe additional taxes, interest and penalties that may negatively impact our operating results. 
HEADER_58:
We are subject to risks associated with loss or non-renewal of favorable tax treatment under agreements or treaties with foreign tax authorities.
