HEADER_1:
Global and regional economic conditions could materially adversely affect the Company.
HEADER_2:
Global markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the Company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets.
HEADER_3:
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Company must successfully manage frequent product introductions and transitions.
HEADER_4:
The Company depends on the performance of distributors, carriers and other resellers.
HEADER_5:
The Company faces substantial inventory and other asset risk in addition to purchase commitment cancellation risk.
HEADER_6:
Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable terms.
HEADER_7:
Global and regional economic conditions could materially adversely affect the Company”
HEADER_8:
The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners, many of which are located outside of the U.S.
HEADER_9:
The Company’s products and services may experience quality problems from time to time that can result in decreased sales and operating margin and harm to the Company’s reputation.
HEADER_10:
The Company relies on access to third-party digital content, which may not be available to the Company on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
HEADER_11:
The Company’s future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers.
HEADER_12:
The Company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the Company on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
HEADER_13:
The Company could be impacted by unfavorable results of legal proceedings, such as being found to have infringed on intellectual property rights.
HEADER_14:
The Company is subject to laws and regulations worldwide, changes to which could increase the Company’s costs and individually or in the aggregate adversely affect the Company’s business.
HEADER_15:
The Company’s business is subject to the risks of international operations.
HEADER_16:
The Company’s retail stores have required and will continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of resources and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
HEADER_17:
Investment in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt the Company’s ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated.
HEADER_18:
The Company’s business and reputation may be impacted by information technology system failures or network disruptions.
HEADER_19:
There may be breaches of the Company’s information technology systems that materially damage business partner and customer relationships, curtail or otherwise adversely impact access to online stores and services, or subject the Company to significant reputational, financial, legal and operational consequences.
HEADER_20:
The Company’s business is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection.
HEADER_21:
The Company’s success depends largely on the continued service and availability of key personnel.
HEADER_22:
The Company’s business may be impacted by political events, war, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters and other business interruptions.
HEADER_23:
The Company expects its quarterly revenue and operating results to fluctuate.
HEADER_24:
The Company’s stock price is subject to volatility.
HEADER_25:
The Company’s financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus local currencies.
HEADER_26:
The Company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market values of its investment portfolio.
HEADER_27:
The Company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
HEADER_28:
The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities.
