HEADER_1:
Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment.
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
HEADER_3:
If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed.
HEADER_4:
We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. The loss of marketers, or reduction in spending by marketers, could seriously harm our business.
HEADER_5:
Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control.
HEADER_6:
Our business is highly competitive. Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business.
HEADER_7:
Action by governments to restrict access to Facebook or our other products in their countries could substantially harm our business and financial results.
HEADER_8:
Our new products and changes to existing products could fail to attract or retain users or generate revenue and profits.
HEADER_9:
We make product and investment decisions that may not prioritize short-term financial results and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect.
HEADER_10:
If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, or if events occur that damage our reputation and brands, our ability to expand our base of users, marketers, and developers may be impaired, and our business and financial results may be harmed.
HEADER_11:
Security breaches and improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, or other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_12:
Unfavorable media coverage could negatively affect our business.
HEADER_13:
Our financial results will fluctuate from quarter to quarter and are difficult to predict.
HEADER_14:
We expect our rates of growth to decline in the future.
HEADER_15:
Our costs are continuing to grow, which could reduce our operating margin and profitability. If our investments are not successful, our business and financial performance could be harmed. 
HEADER_16:
Given our levels of share-based compensation, our tax rate may vary significantly depending on our stock price.
HEADER_17:
Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, content, competition, consumer protection, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business.
HEADER_18:
We have been subject to regulatory and other government investigations, enforcement actions, and settlements, and we expect to continue to be subject to such proceedings and other inquires in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business.
HEADER_19:
If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected.
HEADER_20:
We are currently, and expect to be in the future, party to patent lawsuits and other intellectual property rights claims that are expensive and time consuming and, if resolved adversely, could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
HEADER_21:
We are involved in numerous class action lawsuits and other litigation matters that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
HEADER_22:
We may incur liability as a result of information retrieved from or transmitted over the Internet or published using our products or as a result of claims related to our products.
HEADER_23:
Our CEO has control over key decision making as a result of his control of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock.
HEADER_24:
We plan to continue to make acquisitions, which could harm our financial condition or results of operations and may adversely affect the price of our common stock.
HEADER_25:
We may not be able to successfully integrate our acquisitions, and we may incur significant costs to integrate and support the companies we acquire.
HEADER_26:
If our goodwill or finite-lived intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
HEADER_27:
Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results.
HEADER_28:
We could experience unforeseen difficulties in building and operating key portions of our technical infrastructure.
HEADER_29:
Our products and internal systems rely on software that is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors or vulnerabilities, our business could be adversely affected.
HEADER_30:
Technologies have been developed that can block the display of our ads, which could adversely affect our financial results.
HEADER_31:
Real or perceived inaccuracies in our user and other metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business.
HEADER_32:
We cannot assure you that we will effectively manage our growth.
HEADER_33:
The loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could harm our business.
HEADER_34:
We may not be able to continue to successfully grow usage of and engagement with mobile and web applications that integrate with Facebook and our other products.
HEADER_35:
We currently generate substantially all of our Payments revenue from developers that use Facebook on personal computers, and we expect that our Payments revenue will continue to decline as usage of Facebook on personal computers continues to decline. 
HEADER_36:
Payment transactions may subject us to additional regulatory requirements and other risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could harm our business.
HEADER_37:
We have significant international operations and plan to continue expanding our operations abroad where we have more limited operating experience, and this may subject us to increased business and economic risks that could affect our financial results.
HEADER_38:
We face design, manufacturing, and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could adversely impact our financial results. 
HEADER_39:
We may face inventory risk with respect to our Oculus products. 
HEADER_40:
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
HEADER_41:
Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could materially affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
HEADER_42:
Uncertainties in the interpretation and application of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate.
HEADER_43:
We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and could diminish our cash reserves.
HEADER_44:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock
HEADER_45:
The trading price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile.
HEADER_46:
We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future.
HEADER_47:
The dual class structure of our common stock and a voting agreement between certain stockholders have the effect of concentrating voting control with our CEO and certain other holders of our Class B common stock; this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters.
HEADER_48:
Our status as a "controlled company" could make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price.
HEADER_49:
Delaware law and provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our Class A common stock.
