HEADER_1:
Factors That May Affect Future Results
HEADER_2:
Our quarterly results are unpredictable and subject to substantial fluctuations; as a result, we may fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.
HEADER_3:
A limited number of our customers comprise a significant portion of our revenues and there is an ongoing trend toward consolidation in the industry in which our customers and partners operate. Any decrease in revenues from our customers or partners could have an adverse effect on our net revenues and operating results.
HEADER_4:
Fluctuating economic conditions make it difficult to predict revenues and gross margin for a particular period and a shortfall in revenues or increase in costs of production may harm our operating results.
HEADER_5:
Our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business through rapidly fluctuating economic and market conditions, and such actions may have an adverse effect on our financial and operating results.
HEADER_6:
The long sales and implementation cycles for our products, as well as our expectation that some customers will sporadically place large orders with short lead times, may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter.
HEADER_7:
We face intense competition that could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business and financial results.
HEADER_8:
We expect our gross margins and operating margins to vary over time, and the level of product gross margins achieved by us in recent years may not be sustainable.
HEADER_9:
To the extent we receive product orders late in a quarter, we may be unable to recognize revenue for these orders in the same period, which could adversely affect our quarterly revenues.
HEADER_10:
Conversion of key internal systems and processes, particularly our ERP system, and problems with the design or implementation of these systems and processes could interfere with, and therefore harm, our business and operations.
HEADER_11:
We are dependent on sole source and limited source suppliers for several key components, which makes us susceptible to shortages or price fluctuations in our supply chain, and we may face increased challenges in supply chain management in the future.
HEADER_12:
We rely on value-added and other resellers, as well as distribution partners, to sell our products, and disruptions to, or our failure to effectively develop and manage, our distribution channel and the processes and procedures that support it could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our products.
HEADER_13:
System security risks, data protection breaches, and cyber-attacks could compromise our proprietary information, disrupt our internal operations and harm public perception of our products, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer and adversely affect our stock price. 
HEADER_14:
Regulation of industry in general and the telecommunications industry in particular could harm our operating results and future prospects.
HEADER_15:
Governmental regulations affecting the import or export of products or affecting products containing encryption capabilities could negatively affect our revenues.
HEADER_16:
Our ability to process orders and ship products in a timely manner is dependent in part on our business systems and performance of the systems and processes of third parties such as our contract manufacturers, suppliers, or other partners, as well as the interfaces between our systems and the systems of such third parties. If our systems, the systems and processes of those third parties, or the interfaces between them experience delays or fail, our business processes and our ability to build and ship products could be impacted, and our financial results could be harmed.
HEADER_17:
Telecommunications and Cloud service provider companies and our other large customers generally require onerous terms and conditions in our contracts with them. As we seek to sell more products to such customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that could have an adverse effect on our business or ability to recognize revenues.
HEADER_18:
If we do not successfully anticipate technological shifts, market needs and opportunities, and develop products and product enhancements that meet those technological shifts, needs and opportunities, or if those products are not made available in a timely manner or do not gain market acceptance, we may not be able to compete effectively and our ability to generate revenues will suffer.
HEADER_19:
Our ability to develop, market, and sell products could be harmed if we are unable to retain or hire key personnel.
HEADER_20:
We are a party to lawsuits, investigations, proceedings, and other disputes, which are costly to defend and, if determined adversely to us, could require us to pay fines or damages, undertake remedial measures or prevent us from taking certain actions, any or all of which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
HEADER_21:
We are a party to litigation and claims regarding intellectual property rights, resolution of which may be time
HEADER_22:
consuming and expensive, as well as require a significant amount of resources to prosecute, defend, or make our products non-infringing.
HEADER_23:
Our financial condition and results of operations could suffer if there is an additional impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives.
HEADER_24:
Changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our results.
HEADER_25:
If we fail to accurately predict our manufacturing requirements, we could incur additional costs or experience manufacturing delays, which would harm our business.
HEADER_26:
We are dependent on contract manufacturers with whom we do not have long-term supply contracts, and changes to those relationships, expected or unexpected, may result in delays or disruptions that could cause us to lose revenues and damage our customer relationships.
HEADER_27:
We may face difficulties enforcing our proprietary rights which could adversely affect our ability to compete.
HEADER_28:
We are subject to risks arising from our international operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
HEADER_29:
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_30:
Integration of acquisitions could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and stock price and may dilute the ownership of our stockholders.
HEADER_31:
The divestiture of our Junos Pulse product portfolio could disrupt our business and may not yield the intended benefits.
HEADER_32:
If we fail to adequately evolve our financial and managerial control and reporting systems and processes, our ability to manage and grow our business will be negatively affected.
HEADER_33:
Our products are highly technical and if they contain undetected defects errors or malware or do not meet customer quality expectations, our business could be adversely affected, and we may be subject to additional costs or lawsuits or be required to pay damages in connection with any alleged or actual failure of our products and services.
HEADER_34:
If our products do not interoperate with our customers’ networks, installations will be delayed or cancelled and could harm our business.
HEADER_35:
Our products incorporate and rely upon licensed third-party technology, and if licenses of third-party technology do not continue to be available to us or are not available on terms acceptable to us, our revenues and ability to develop and introduce new products could be adversely affected.
HEADER_36:
We sell our products to customers that use those products to build networks and IP infrastructure, and if the demand for network and IP systems does not continue to grow, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
HEADER_37:
We are required to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and any adverse results from such evaluation may adversely affect investor perception, our stock price and cause us to incur additional expense.
HEADER_38:
Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.
HEADER_39:
We may be unable to generate the cash flow to service our debt obligations, including the Senior Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility.
HEADER_40:
Our failure to pay quarterly dividends to our stockholders or the failure to meet our commitments to return capital to our stockholders could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.
HEADER_41:
The investment of our cash balance and our investments in government and corporate debt securities are subject to risks, which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.
HEADER_42:
Uninsured losses could harm our operating results.
