HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
HEADER_2:
Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and all information contained in this report before you decide to purchase our common stock. These risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that we may face. Our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. Due to risk and uncertainties, both known and unknown, we may be unable to conduct our business as currently planned and our financial condition and operating results could be adversely impacted. In addition, the price of our securities is subject to volatility and could decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks, causing investors to lose all or part of their investment. 
HEADER_3:
Our operating results can fluctuate dramatically.
HEADER_4:
Global economic and geo-political conditions may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_5:
The cyclicality of the semiconductor industry exacerbates the volatility of our operating results.
HEADER_6:
Our acquisition of ZMDI and GigPeak and the integration of those businesses, operations and employees with our own will involve risks and the failure to integrate successfully in the expected time frame may adversely affect our future results.
HEADER_7:
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial position and prevent us from implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations
HEADER_8:
The exercise of warrants issued to JPMorgan Chase Bank concurrently with our Convertible Notes would, and the conversion of our Conversion Notes could, dilute the ownership interest of our existing shareholders
HEADER_9:
We have made and may continue to make acquisitions and divestitures which could divert management's attention, cause ownership dilution to our stockholders, be difficult to integrate, and/or adversely affect our financial results. 
HEADER_10:
Demand for our products depends primarily on demand in the communications, enterprise computing, personal computer (PC), consumer, automotive, and industrial markets which can be significantly affected by concerns over macroeconomic issues.
HEADER_11:
We rely upon subcontractors and third-party foundries.  
HEADER_12:
We build most of our products based on estimated demand forecasts.
HEADER_13:
If we are unable to execute our business strategy successfully, our revenues and profitability may be adversely affected.
HEADER_14:
We face significant competition.
HEADER_15:
Our results are dependent on the success of new products.
HEADER_16:
The loss of the services of any key personnel may adversely affect our business and growth prospects.
HEADER_17:
We are dependent on a concentrated group of customers for a significant part of our revenues.
HEADER_18:
We face competitive pressures and unique requirements from our automotive business customers.
HEADER_19:
We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers.
HEADER_20:
Our operations and business could be significantly harmed by natural disasters or acts of terrorism.
HEADER_21:
Costs related to product defects and errata may harm our results of operations and business.
HEADER_22:
Intellectual property claims against and/or on behalf of us could adversely affect our business and operations.
HEADER_23:
We may be unable to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights.
HEADER_24:
We rely on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
HEADER_25:
Our product manufacturing operations are complex and subject to interruption.
HEADER_26:
Tax benefits we receive may be terminated or reduced in the future, which would increase our costs. 
HEADER_27:
Our financial results may be adversely affected by higher than expected tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities.  Tax audits may have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
HEADER_28:
The costs associated with legal proceedings can be substantial, specific costs are unpredictable and not completely within our control, and unexpected increases in litigation costs could adversely affect our operating results. 
HEADER_29:
If the credit market conditions deteriorate, it could have a material adverse impact on our investment portfolio.
HEADER_30:
Our results of operations could vary as a result of the methods, estimates, and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies.
HEADER_31:
International operations add increased volatility to our operating results.
HEADER_32:
(percentage of total revenues)
HEADER_33:
We rely upon certain critical information systems for the operation of our business.  
HEADER_34:
We are exposed to potential impairment charges on certain assets.
HEADER_35:
Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by new accounting pronouncements or changes in existing accounting standards and practices.
HEADER_36:
Our common stock may experience substantial price volatility.
HEADER_37:
We depend on the ability of our personnel, raw materials, equipment and products to move reasonably unimpeded around the world. 
HEADER_38:
We invest in companies for strategic reasons and may not realize a return on our investments.
HEADER_39:
We are subject to a variety of environmental and other regulations related to hazardous materials used in our manufacturing processes.
HEADER_40:
Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject.
