HEADER_1:
A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider such risks and uncertainties, together with the other information contained in this report, and in our other public filings. If any of such risks and uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could differ materially from the plans, projections and other forward-looking statements included in the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in this report and in our other public filings. In addition, if any of the following risks and uncertainties, or if any other risks and uncertainties, actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed substantially, which could cause the market price of our stock to decline, perhaps significantly.
HEADER_2:
We may experience significant quarterly and annual fluctuations in our results of operations due to a number of factors.
HEADER_3:
Seasonal sales patterns and other variations related to our revenue recognition may cause significant fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flows and may prevent us from achieving our quarterly or annual forecasts, which may cause our stock price to decline.
HEADER_4:
We have relied and expect to continue to rely on orders from a relatively small number of customers in the P&C insurance industry for a substantial portion of our revenues, and the loss of any of these customers would significantly harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
HEADER_5:
Increases in services revenues as a percentage of total revenues or lower services margins could adversely affect our overall gross margins and profitability.
HEADER_6:
Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violation by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business and results of operations.
HEADER_7:
We may expand through acquisitions or partnerships with other companies, which may divert our management’s attention and result in unexpected operating and technology integration difficulties, increased costs and dilution to our stockholders.
HEADER_8:
We face intense competition in our market, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition and cause our market share to decline.
HEADER_9:
If our products or cloud-based services experience data security breaches, and there is unauthorized access to our customers’ data, we may lose current or future customers and our reputation and business may be harmed.
HEADER_10:
Privacy concerns could result in regulatory changes and impose additional costs and liabilities on us, limit our use of information, and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_11:
If we are required to, and fail to successfully manage any changes to our business model, including the transition of our products to cloud offerings, our results of operations could be harmed.
HEADER_12:
Our customers may defer or forego purchases of our products or services in the event of weakened global economic conditions and industry consolidation.
HEADER_13:
Factors outside of our control including but not limited to natural catastrophes and terrorism may adversely impact the P&C insurance industry, preventing us from expanding or maintaining our existing customer base and increasing our revenues.
HEADER_14:
Our sales and implementation cycles are lengthy and variable, depend upon factors outside our control, and could cause us to expend significant time and resources prior to generating revenues.
HEADER_15:
If we are unable to continue the successful development of our global direct sales force and the expansion of our relationships with our strategic partners, sales of our products and services will suffer and our growth could be slower than we project.
HEADER_16:
Our large customers have substantial negotiating leverage, which may require that we agree to terms and conditions that result in increased cost of sales, decreased revenues and lower average selling prices and gross margins, all of which could harm our results of operations.
HEADER_17:
Because we derive a significant majority of our revenues and cash flows from InsuranceSuite or its component applications -  ClaimCenter, PolicyCenter and BillingCenter products and related services - failure of any of these products or services to satisfy customer demands or to maintain market acceptance would harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
HEADER_18:
Our business depends on customers renewing and expanding their license and maintenance contracts for our products. A decline in our customer renewals and expansions could harm our future results of operations.
HEADER_19:
If we are unable to develop, introduce and market new and enhanced versions of our products, we may be put at a competitive disadvantage.
HEADER_20:
Real or perceived errors or failures in our products or implementation services may affect our reputation, cause us to lose customers and reduce sales which may harm our business and results of operations and subject us to liability for breach of warranty claims.
HEADER_21:
Failure to protect our intellectual property could substantially harm our business and results of operations.
HEADER_22:
We may be obligated to disclose our proprietary source code to our customers, which may limit our ability to protect our intellectual property and could reduce the renewals of our support and maintenance services.
HEADER_23:
We and our customers rely on technology and intellectual property of third parties, the loss of which could limit the functionality of our products and disrupt our business.
HEADER_24:
Some of our services and technologies may use “open source” software, which may restrict how we use or distribute our services or require that we release the source code of certain products subject to those licenses.
HEADER_25:
Incorrect or improper use of our products or our failure to properly train customers on how to utilize our products could result in customer dissatisfaction and negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
HEADER_26:
Our ability to sell our products is highly dependent on the quality of our professional services and technical support services and the support of our system integration providers, and the failure of us or our system integration providers to offer high-quality professional services or technical support services could damage our reputation and adversely affect our ability to sell our products and services to new customers and renew our licenses to existing customers.
HEADER_27:
If we are unable to retain our personnel and hire and integrate additional skilled personnel, we may be unable to achieve our goals and our business will suffer.
HEADER_28:
Failure to manage our expanding operations effectively could harm our business.
HEADER_29:
Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
HEADER_30:
Our revenues, results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Euro, British Pound, Japanese Yen and Brazilian Real. 
HEADER_31:
The nature of our business requires the application of complex revenue and expense recognition rules that require management to make estimates and assumptions. Additionally, the current legislative and regulatory environment affecting U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") is uncertain and significant changes in current principles could affect our financial statements going forward.
HEADER_32:
If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected.
HEADER_33:
If tax laws change or we experience adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns, it could adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_34:
We may not be able to obtain capital when desired on favorable terms, if at all, or without dilution to our stockholders.
HEADER_35:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, floods and other natural catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as computer viruses.
HEADER_36:
Our stock price may be volatile, which could result in securities class action litigation against us.
HEADER_37:
We currently do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our common stock appreciates.
HEADER_38:
Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and of Delaware law could prevent a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and could also reduce the market price of our stock.
