CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:

CONTENT_5:

CONTENT_6:

CONTENT_7:

CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:

CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:

CONTENT_14:

CONTENT_15:

CONTENT_16:

CONTENT_17:

CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:

CONTENT_20:

CONTENT_21:

CONTENT_22:

CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:

CONTENT_26:

CONTENT_27:

CONTENT_28:

CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:

CONTENT_32:

CONTENT_33:

CONTENT_34:

CONTENT_35:

CONTENT_36:

CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:

CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:

CONTENT_41:

CONTENT_42:

CONTENT_43:

CONTENT_44:

CONTENT_45:

CONTENT_46:

CONTENT_47:

CONTENT_48:

CONTENT_49:

CONTENT_50:

CONTENT_51:

CONTENT_52:

CONTENT_53:

CONTENT_54:

CONTENT_55:

CONTENT_56:

CONTENT_57:

CONTENT_58:

CONTENT_59:

CONTENT_60:

CONTENT_61:

CONTENT_62:

CONTENT_63:

CONTENT_64:

CONTENT_65:

CONTENT_66:
games declines and we do not add other sources of revenue, or if new technologies, play patterns or genres are developed that replace MMORPGs, consumer preferences trend away from MMORPGs or new
business models that offer MMORPG gameplay for free or at a substantial discount to current MMORPG subscription fees become widely accepted, it may negatively impact our business. 








Sales of titles in our Skylanders franchise may be affected by the availability of toys, increasing
our exposure to imbalances between projected and actual demand.  

        Titles in our Skylanders franchise involve "smart toys," consisting of action figures and accessories, along with an electronic
"portal," which, when used with a figure or accessory, allows a player to store and access information about his or her performance in the game. We sell the action figures and accessories both bundled
with the software for the title and on a stand-alone basis. Consumers may not want to buy the related software if they cannot also buy the "smart toys" or accessories. If we underestimate demand or
otherwise are unable to produce sufficient quantities of toys or accessories of an acceptable quality or allocate too few toys or accessories to geographic markets where demand exceeds supply, we will
forego revenues. This may also create greater opportunities for competitors to develop competitive product offerings. In addition, if we overestimate demand and make too many toys or accessories, or
allocate too many toys or accessories to geographic markets where there is 

17




 

Table of Contents

insufficient
demand, we may incur unrecoverable manufacturing costs for unsold units as well as for unsold game software. In either case, unsound toy and accessory manufacturing or allocation
decisions may negatively impact our business. 







The importance to our business of the "smart toys" related to our Skylanders franchise exposes us to
hardware manufacturing and shipping risks, including availability of sufficient third-party manufacturing capacity and increases in manufacturing and shipping costs.  


        The majority of the manufacturers of the "smart toys" involved in our Skylanders franchise are located in China. Anything that impacts
our ability to import these products or the ability of those manufacturers to produce or otherwise supply us with toys meeting our quality and safety standards or increases the manufacturers' costs of
production may adversely impact our ability to supply those toys to the market and the prices we must pay for those toys. Examples of such impacts include: the utilization of any such manufacturer's
capacity by another company, changes in safety,
environmental or other regulations applicable to the toys and the manufacturing thereof, natural or manmade disasters that disrupt manufacturing, transportation or communications, labor shortages,
civil unrest or issues generally negatively impacting international companies operating in China, increases in the price of petroleum or other raw materials, increases in fuel prices and other
shipping costs, and increases in local labor costs in China. Moreover, the failure of those manufacturers to consistently deliver action figures and portals meeting the quality and safety standards we
require could negatively impact our business. 







Transitions in console platforms could adversely affect the market for interactive entertainment
software.  

        Nintendo introduced its next-generation console, the Wii U, in 2012, and Sony and Microsoft each launched its next-generation
console&#151;the PS4 and Xbox One, respectively&#151;in November 2013. We are developing and publishing games for these next-generation console systems. When new console platforms are
announced or introduced into the market, consumers typically reduce their purchases of game console entertainment software products for prior console platforms in anticipation of purchasing a new
platform and products for that platform. During these periods, sales of the game console entertainment software products we publish may decline until new platforms achieve wide consumer acceptance.
Platform transitions may have a comparable impact on sales of downloadable content, amplifying the impact on our revenues. This decline may not be offset by increased sales of products for the new
console platforms. Conversely, actions we take to curtail the reduction of purchases of products for prior console platforms during the transition may harm sales of products we publish for
prior-generation platforms. In addition, as console hardware moves through its life cycle, hardware manufacturers typically enact price reductions and decreasing prices may put downward pressure on
software prices. During platform transitions, we may simultaneously incur costs both in continuing to develop and market new titles for prior-generation video game platforms, which may not sell at
premium prices, and also in developing products for next-generation platforms, which may not generate immediate or near-term revenues. As a result, our business and operating results may be more
volatile and difficult to predict during platform transitions than during other times. 







Our business is highly dependent on the success, timely release and availability of new video game
platforms and on the continued availability of, and support for, existing video game platforms, as well as our ability to develop commercially successful products for these platforms.  

        We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from the sale of products for play on video game platforms manufactured by third
parties, such as Microsoft's Xbox One and Xbox 360, Nintendo's Wii U and Wii, and Sony's PS4 and PS3. For example, sales of products for consoles accounted for 49% of our consolidated
net revenues in 2014. The success of our business is driven in large part by our ability to accurately predict which platforms will be successful in the marketplace, our ability to 

18




 

Table of Contents

develop
commercially successful products for these platforms, the availability of an adequate supply of these video game platforms and the continued support for these platforms by their manufacturers.
We must make product development decisions and commit significant resources well in advance of the anticipated introduction of a new platform. 








We must make significant expenditures to develop products for new platforms that may not be
successful.  

        We must make substantial product development and other investments in a particular platform well in advance of introduction of the
platform and may be required to realign our product portfolio and development efforts in response to market changes. Furthermore, development costs for new console platforms are greater than those
costs for the then-current console platforms. If increased costs are not offset by higher revenues and other cost efficiencies, our business could be negatively impacted. If the platforms for which we
develop new software products or modify existing products do not attain significant market penetration, we may not be able to recover our development costs, which could be significant. 







Platform licensors are our competitors and frequently control the manufacturing of, and have broad
approval rights over, our console and handheld interactive entertainment products.  

        Generally, when we develop interactive entertainment software products for hardware platforms offered by Microsoft, Nintendo, or Sony,
the products are manufactured exclusively by that hardware manufacturer or their approved replicator. 


        The
agreements with these manufacturers include certain provisions, such as approval rights over all software products and related promotional materials and the ability to change the fee
they charge for the manufacturing of products, which allow them substantial influence over the cost and the release schedule of such interactive entertainment software products. In addition, because
each of the manufacturers is also a publisher of games for its own hardware platforms and manufactures products for all of its other licensees, a manufacturer may give priority to its own products or
those of our competitors in the event of insufficient manufacturing capacity. Accordingly, Microsoft, Nintendo or Sony could cause unanticipated delays in the release of our products as well as
increases to projected development, manufacturing, marketing or distribution costs, any of which could negatively impact our business. 

        In
addition, platform licensors control our ability to provide online game capabilities for console platform products and, in large part, establish the financial terms and/or pricing on
which these products and services are offered to consumers. Currently, Microsoft provides online capabilities for the Xbox One and Xbox 360, Nintendo provides online capabilities for the Wii U
and Wii, and Sony provides online capabilities for the PS4 and PS3. In each case, compatibility code and/or the consent of the licensor are required for us to include online capabilities in its
console products. The failure or refusal of licensors to approve our products could negatively impact our business. 







We must negotiate with platform licensors to agree upon the royalty rates and other fees that must
be paid to publish games for their platforms or distribute games on their networks, and therefore they can have significant influence on our costs.  

        We pay a licensing fee to the hardware manufacturer for each copy of a product manufactured for that manufacturer's game platform. The
platform license agreements we enter into with those manufacturers specify the fee and/or price that we must pay in order to publish games for that platform. Similarly, the platform licensors control
the retail pricing for games and additional content purchased over their networks. The control that platform licensors have over the fee structures and/or pricing for their platforms and online
networks could impact the volume of purchases of our products made over their network and our profitability. It is also possible that platform licensors will not renew 

19




 

Table of Contents


our
existing licenses. Any increase in fee structures and/or pricing, or nonrenewal of licenses, could have a negative impact on our business, particularly for Activision, as the publishing of
products for console systems is the largest portion of Activision's business. 

        Outside
of fee arrangements, our agreement with a manufacturer typically gives it significant control over other aspects of the distribution of our products and services that we develop
for that manufacturer's game platform. If the manufacturer establishes terms that restrict our offerings on its platform, or significantly impact the financial terms on which these products or
services are offered to our customers, we may be unable to distribute our products or be forced to do so on a materially worse financial or business terms. 








If we do not continue to attract and retain skilled personnel, we will be unable to effectively
conduct our business.  

        One of our most essential assets is our employees and, as such, our success depends to a significant extent on our ability to identify,
hire, retain and utilize the abilities of qualified personnel, particularly personnel with the specialized skills needed to create and sell the high-quality, well-received titles upon which our
business is substantially dependent. The software industry is characterized by a high level of employee mobility and aggressive recruiting among competitors for employees with technical, marketing,
sales, engineering, product development, creative and/or management skills. We may have difficulties in attracting and retaining skilled personnel or may incur significant costs in order to do so. If
we are unable to attract additional qualified employees or retain and utilize the services of key personnel, it could have a negative impact on our business. 







Our reputation with consumers is critical to our success. Negative consumer perceptions about our
brands, games, services and/or business practices may damage our business and any costs incurred in addressing consumer concerns may increase our operating expenses.  


        Individual consumers form our ultimate customer base, and consumer expectations regarding the quality, performance and integrity of our
products and services are high. Consumers may be critical of our brands, games, services and/or business practices for a wide variety of reasons. These negative consumer reactions may not be
foreseeable or within our control to manage effectively. Actions we take to address consumer concerns may be costly and, in any case, may not be successful. In addition, negative consumer sentiment
about our business practices may result in inquiries or investigations from regulatory agencies and consumer groups, as well as litigation, which, regardless of their outcome, may be damaging to our
reputation. Any of these may have a negative impact on our business. 







If our games and services do not function as consumers expect, it may have a negative impact on our
business.  

        If our games and services do not function as consumers expect, whether because they fail to function as advertised or otherwise, our
sales may suffer. The risk that this may occur is particularly pronounced with respect to our games with online features, like World of Warcraft games, Call of Duty games,  Destiny and Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft, because they involve ongoing consumer expectations, which
we may not be able to successfully satisfy. If our games and services do not function as consumers expect, it may negatively impact our business. 







The future success of our business depends on our ability to release popular products in a timely
manner.  

        The life of any given console or handheld game product is relatively short and generally involves a relatively high level of sales
during the first few months after the product's introduction, followed by a rapid decline in sales. Because revenues associated with an initial product launch generally constitute a high percentage of
the total revenues associated with the life of a product, delays in product releases or 

20




 

Table of Contents

disruptions
following the commercial release of one or more new products could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and reputation and could cause our results of operations to be materially
different from expectations. It is therefore important for us to continue to develop many high-quality new products that are popularly received and to release those products in a timely manner. If we
are unable to continue to do so, it may negatively impact our business. 







If we are unable to sustain traditional pricing levels for our titles, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, profitability, cash flows or liquidity could suffer materially.  

        If we are unable to sustain traditional pricing levels for our titles, whether due to competitive pressure, because retailers elect to
price these products at a lower price or otherwise, it could have a negative impact on our business. Further, we make provisions for retail inventory price protection based upon certain assumed lowest
prices and if competitive pressures force us to lower our prices below those levels, it could similarly have a negative impact on our business. 







If we fail to successfully manage our new product development, or if we fail to anticipate the
issues associated with that development, it may negatively impact our business.  

        Our business models are evolving and we believe that our growth will depend, in part, upon our ability to successfully develop and sell
new types of products, including free-to-play games which are monetized through in-game microtransactions rather than an up-front fee, and to otherwise expand the methods by which we reach our
consumers, including via digital
distribution. Developing new products and distribution channels requires substantial up-front expenditures. Further, forecasting our revenues and profitability for these new business models is
inherently uncertain and volatile. If such products or distribution channels do not achieve expected acceptance or generate sufficient revenues upon introduction, whether because of competition or
otherwise, we may not recover the cost of our investments in developing and marketing those products and distribution channels, or recover the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial
resources away from other products or distribution channels. In addition, expanding our business models will add complexity to our business and require us to effectively adapt our business and
management processes to address the unique challenges and different requirements of any new areas in which we operate, which we may not be able to do, for lack of institutional expertise or otherwise. 







Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, and if we do not adapt to, and appropriately
allocate our new resources among, emerging technologies and business models, our business may be negatively impacted.  

        Technology changes rapidly in the interactive entertainment industry. We must continually anticipate and adapt our products to emerging
technologies, delivery platforms and business models in order to stay competitive. When we choose to incorporate a new technology into a product or to develop a product for a new platform, operating
system or media format, we often are required to make a substantial investment prior to the introduction of the product. If we invest in the development of interactive entertainment products
incorporating a new technology or for a new platform that does not achieve significant commercial success, our revenues from those products likely will be lower than we anticipated and may not cover
our development costs. Further, our competitors may adapt to an emerging technology or business model more quickly or effectively than we do, creating products that are technologically superior to
ours, more appealing to consumers, or both. If, on the other hand, we elect not to pursue the development of products incorporating a new technology or for new platforms, or otherwise elect not to
pursue a new business model, that achieves significant commercial success, it may have adverse consequences. It may take significant time and resources to shift product development resources to that
technology, platform or business model, as the case may be, and may be more difficult to compete against existing products incorporating that technology or for that platform 

21




 

Table of Contents

or
against companies using that business model. For example, digital content delivery is increasingly important in our industry, requiring us to develop or acquire the expertise in such delivery
method needed to remain competitive. Any failure to successfully adapt to, and appropriately allocate resources among, emerging technologies could negatively impact our business. 







The increasing importance of digital sales to our business exposes us to the risks of that business
model, including greater competition.  

        The proportion of our revenues derived from digital content delivery, as compared to traditional retail sales, continues to increase.
The increased importance of digital content delivery in our industry increases our potential competition, as the minimum capital needed to produce and publish a digitally delivered game, particularly
a new game for the emerging mobile platform, may be significantly less than that needed to produce and publish one that is purchased through retail distribution and is played on a game console.
Shifting to digital delivery of our products also requires us to dedicate capital to developing and implementing alternative marketing strategies, which we may not do successfully. If any of this
occurs, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, profitability, cash flows or liquidity. In addition, a continuing shift to digital delivery
could result in a deprioritization of our products by traditional retailers and distributors, giving rise to the same material adverse effects. 







The increasing prevalence of free-to-play games exposes us to risks from that business model.  

        We expect that the portion of the total revenues of the interactive entertainment industry, and of our revenues, generated by
free-to-play entertainment products, which are monetized through in-game microtransactions rather than an up-front fee, will continue to increase. We may invest in the development of free-to-play
interactive entertainment products that do not achieve significant commercial success, in which case our revenues from those products likely will be lower than anticipated and we may not recover our
development costs. Even if our free-to-play games are initially well-received, we may not be able to generate or sustain consumer engagement sufficient to generate significant revenues, if any,
through in-game microtransactions. Publishing free-to-play games also requires us to dedicate capital to developing and implementing alternative marketing strategies, which we may not do successfully.
In addition, a continuing shift to free-to-play games could result in a deprioritization of our products by traditional retailers and distributors. 







If we are unable to successfully develop or market owned intellectual property, we may publish fewer
successful titles and our revenues may decline.  

        Some of our products are based on intellectual property that we have developed internally or acquired from third parties. Consumers
have historically preferred titles which are part of established franchises to titles based on new intellectual property. If a new intellectual property does not gain consumer acceptance, whether
because we are unable to successfully create consumer appeal and brand recognition or for other reasons, our business could be negatively impacted. Further, if the popularity of our owned intellectual
property declines, we may have to write
off the unrecovered portion of the underlying intellectual property assets and revenues and operating income from these intellectual properties may decline quickly, either of which could negatively
impact our business. 

22






 



































  Table of Contents 







Competition within, and to, the interactive entertainment industry is intense, and competitors may
succeed in reducing our sales.  

        Within the interactive entertainment industry, we compete with other publishers of interactive entertainment software developed for use
on the PC, video game consoles and handheld, mobile and tablet devices or social networking sites, both within the United States and, increasingly, in international jurisdictions. Our competitors
include very large corporations with significantly greater financial, marketing and product development resources than we have. For example, integrated video game console hardware and software
companies such as Microsoft, Nintendo and Sony, compete directly with us in the development of software titles for their respective platforms. A relatively small number of titles account for a
significant portion of net revenues, and an even greater portion of net profit, in the interactive entertainment industry, and the availability of significant financial resources is a major
competitive factor in the production of high-quality products and in the marketing of products that are ultimately well-received. Our larger competitors may be able to leverage their greater
financial, technical, personnel and other resources to finance larger budgets for development and marketing and make higher offers to licensors and developers for commercially desirable properties as
well as adopt more aggressive pricing policies to develop more commercially successful products for the PC or video game platforms than we do. In addition, competitors with large product lines and
popular titles typically have greater leverage with retailers, distributors and other customers, who may be willing to promote titles with less consumer appeal in return for access to those
competitors' more popular titles. 

        Increased
consumer acceptance and availability of interactive entertainment developed for use by consumers on handheld, mobile and tablet devices or social networking sites or other
online games, consumer acceptance and availability of technology which allows users to play games on televisions without consoles, or technological advances in online game software or the Internet
could result in a decline in sales of our platform-based software. 

        Additionally,
we compete with other forms of entertainment and leisure activities. For example, the overall growth in the use of the Internet and online services such as social
networking sites by consumers may pose a competitive threat if consumers and potential consumers spend less of their available time using interactive entertainment software and more using the
Internet, including those online services. Further, it is difficult to predict and prepare for rapid changes in consumer demand that could materially alter public preferences for different forms of
entertainment and leisure activities. Failure to adequately identify and adapt to the competitive pressures described herein could negatively impact our business. 








The development of high-quality products requires substantial up-front expenditures, and we may not
be able to recover those costs for our future products.  

        Consumer preferences for games are usually cyclical and difficult to predict, and even the most successful titles remain popular for
only limited periods of time, unless refreshed with new content or otherwise enhanced. In order to remain competitive, we must continuously develop new products or enhancements to existing products.
The amount of lead time and cost involved in the development of high-quality products is increasing, and the longer the lead time involved in developing a product and the greater the allocation of
financial resources to such product, the more critical it is that we accurately predict consumer demand for such product. If our future products do not achieve expected consumer acceptance or generate
sufficient revenues upon introduction, we may not be able to recover the substantial development and marketing costs associated with those products. 







We may overestimate demand for a product, incurring unrecoverable manufacturing costs.  


        We pay a licensing fee to the hardware manufacturer for each copy of a product manufactured for that manufacturer's game platform,
regardless of whether that product is sold. If we overestimate 

23




 

Table of Contents

demand
and make too many physical "boxed" copies of any title, we will incur unrecoverable manufacturing costs for unsold units. 







We are exposed to seasonality in the sale of our products.  

        The interactive entertainment industry is highly seasonal, with the highest levels of consumer demand occurring during the year-end
holiday buying season in the fourth quarter of the year. As a result, our sales have historically been highest during the second half of the year, particularly for our Activision segment. Receivables
and credit risk are likewise higher during the second half of the year, as retailers increase their purchases of our products in anticipation of the holiday season. Delays in development, licensor
approvals or manufacturing can affect the timing of the release of products, causing us to miss key selling periods such as the year-end holiday buying season. 








If our proprietary online game service, Battle.net, does not function properly, our business may be
negatively impacted.  

        If Blizzard's proprietary online game service, Battle.net, does not function as anticipated, Blizzard's games may be completely
unavailable or Blizzard may be prevented from delivering content digitally, which could result in a loss of sales for Blizzard's games. Further, any disruption in Battle.net's services could
negatively impact our business. 







We depend on servers to operate our games with online features, such as World of Warcraft, Call of
Duty, Destiny and Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft, as well as Battle.net, our digital service with online features. If we were to lose server functionality, for any reason, our business could suffer.  

        Our business relies on the continuous operation of data servers. Although we strive to maintain more than sufficient server capacity,
and provide for active redundancy in the event of limited hardware failure, any broad-based catastrophic server malfunction, a significant intrusion by hackers that circumvents security measures, a
failure of disaster recovery service or the failure of a company on which we are relying for server capacity to provide that capacity for whatever reason would likely interrupt the operation of  World of
Warcraft or
CONTENT_67:

CONTENT_68:

CONTENT_69:

CONTENT_70:

CONTENT_71:

CONTENT_72:

CONTENT_73:

CONTENT_74:

CONTENT_75:

CONTENT_76:

CONTENT_77:

CONTENT_78:

CONTENT_79:

CONTENT_80:

CONTENT_81:

CONTENT_82:

CONTENT_83:

CONTENT_84:

CONTENT_85:

CONTENT_86:

CONTENT_87:

CONTENT_88:

CONTENT_89:

CONTENT_90:

CONTENT_91:

CONTENT_92:
,
CONTENT_93:
and all other games must have regulatory approval. A decision by the Chinese
government to revoke its approval for any of our games or to decline to approve any products we desire to sell in China in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations, profitability, cash flows or liquidity. Additionally, in the past, legislation has been implemented in China that has required modifications to  World of Warcraft and
other software. The future implementation of similar laws or regulations in China or any other country in which we have operations
or sales may require engineering modifications to our products that are not cost-effective, if even feasible at all, or could degrade the consumer experience to the point where consumers cease to
purchase such products. 

        We
are also subject to risks that our operations outside the United States could be conducted by our employees, contractors, third-party partners, representatives or agents in ways that
violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act or other similar anti-bribery laws. While we have policies and procedures, as well as training for our employees, intended to
secure compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors, third-party partners, representatives or agents may take actions that violate our policies. Moreover, it may be more difficult to oversee
the conduct of any such persons who are not our employees, potentially exposing us to greater risk from their actions. 

        In
addition, cultural differences may affect consumer preferences and limit the international popularity of titles that are popular in the U.S or require us to modify the content of the
games or the method by which we charge our customers for the games in order to be successful. If we do not correctly assess consumer preferences in the countries in which we sell our products, or if
the other risks discussed herein come to fruition, it could negatively impact our business. 







Changes in tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations, profitability, cash flows or liquidity.  

        We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in various other jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining
our worldwide provision for income taxes, and in the ordinary course of business there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are required to
estimate future taxes. Although we currently believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the estimation process is inherently uncertain, and such estimates are not binding on tax authorities. Further,
our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including changes in our business, including the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax 

29




 

Table of Contents

rates,
changes in tax elections, and changes in applicable tax laws. Additionally, tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities and developments in those audits could adversely
affect our income tax provision. Should the ultimate tax liability exceed estimates, our income tax provision and net income could be materially adversely affected. 

        We
earn a significant amount of our operating income, and hold a significant portion of our cash and investments, outside the United States. While our intent is to permanently reinvest
these funds outside of the United States, any repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions would likely result in higher effective tax rates for the Company. In addition, there have
been proposals to change U.S. tax laws that would significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether, or in what form, this
proposed legislation will pass, if enacted it could negatively impact our business. 


        We
are also required to pay taxes other than income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes, in both the United States and
various other jurisdictions. Tax authorities regularly examine these non-income taxes. The outcomes from these examinations, changes in the business, changes in applicable tax rules or other tax
matters may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, profitability, cash flows or liquidity. 







Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations, profitability, cash flows or liquidity.  

        We transact business in various currencies other than the U.S. dollar and have significant international sales and expenses denominated
in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, subjecting us to currency exchange rate risks. A substantial portion of our international sales and expenses are denominated in local currencies, including
certain major currencies, such as the euro and British pound, and emerging market currencies, such as the South Korean won and Chinese renminbi, which could fluctuate against the U.S. dollar. Since we
have significant international sales, but incur the majority of our costs in the United States, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, particularly the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, may have
an asymmetric and disproportional impact on our business. We have, in the past, utilized currency derivative contracts to hedge certain foreign exchange exposures, with hedge maturities of generally
less than 12 months, and managed these exposures with natural offsets. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue our hedging programs, or that we will be successful in managing
exposure to currency exchange rate risks whether or not we do so. 







Our reported financial results could be adversely affected by changes in financial accounting
standards or by the application of existing or future accounting standards to our business as it evolves.  

        Our reported financial results are impacted by the accounting policies promulgated by the SEC and national accounting standards bodies
and the methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies. Policies affecting revenue recognition have and could further significantly affect the way we report revenues
related to our products and services. We recognize a majority of the revenues from bundled sales (i.e., packaged goods video games that include an
online service component) on a deferred basis over an estimated service period for such games. In addition, we defer the costs of sales of those titles. We expect that an increasing number of our
games will be online-enabled in the future and that we could be required to recognize the related revenues over a period of time rather than at the time of sale. Further, as we increase our
downloadable content and add new features to our online services, our estimate of the service period may change and we could be required to recognize revenues, and defer related costs, over a shorter
or longer period of time. As we enhance, expand and diversify our business and product offerings, the application of existing or future financial accounting standards, particularly those relating to
the way we account for revenues and taxes, 

30




 

Table of Contents

could
have an adverse effect on our reported net revenues, net income and earnings per share under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States in any given period. 







We may permit our customers to return products and to receive pricing concessions which could
negatively impact our business.  

        We are exposed to the risk of product returns and price protection with respect to our distributors and retailers. In some cases,
return policies allow distributors and retailers to return defective, shelf-worn, damaged and certain other products in accordance with terms granted. Price protection, when granted and applicable,
allows these distributors and retailers a credit against amounts owed with respect to merchandise unsold by them. We may permit product returns from, or grant price protection to, our customers under
certain conditions. These conditions may include compliance with applicable payment terms, delivery of weekly inventory and sales information and consistent participation in the launches of premium
title releases. We may also consider other factors, including the facilitation of slow-moving inventory and other industry factors. When we offer price protection, it may be offered with respect to a
particular product to all of our distributors and retailer customers who meet the applicable conditions. Activision also offers a 90-day limited warranty to its
consumer end users that Activision products will be free from manufacturing defects. Although we maintain a reserve for returns and price protection, and although we may place limits on product
returns and price protection, we could be forced to accept substantial product returns and provide substantial price protection to maintain our relationships with retailers and our access to
distribution channels. We face similar issues and risks, including exposure to risk of chargebacks, with respect to consumer end users to whom we sell products directly, whether through Battle.net or
otherwise. 







We may face difficulty obtaining access to the retail shelf space necessary to market and sell our
products effectively.  

        Retailers typically have a limited amount of shelf space and promotional resources, and there is intense competition among consumer
interactive entertainment software products for high-quality retail shelf space and promotional support from retailers. To the extent that the number of products and platforms increase, competition
for shelf space may intensify and may require us to increase our marketing expenditures. Those issues are exacerbated to the extent any of our products involve physical goods in addition to software
and, as such, require additional shelf space, like the titles in our Skylanders franchise, which include both action figures and accessories, as well as an electronic "portal". Retailers with limited
shelf space typically devote the most and highest quality shelf space to those products expected to be best sellers. We cannot be certain that our new products will consistently achieve such "best
seller" status. Due to increased competition for limited shelf space, retailers and distributors are in an increasingly better position to negotiate favorable terms of sale, including price discounts,
price protection, marketing and display fees and product return policies. Our products constitute a relatively small percentage of most retailers' sales volume. We cannot be certain that retailers
will continue to purchase our products or provide those products with adequate levels of shelf space and promotional support on acceptable terms. 








If our marketing and advertising efforts fail to resonate with our consumers, our business could be
negatively impacted.  

        Our products are marketed worldwide through a diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional programs. Our ability to sell our
products and services is dependent in part upon the success of these programs. If the marketing for our products and services fails to resonate with our consumers, particularly during the critical
holiday season or during other key selling periods, or advertising rates or other media placement costs increase, these factors could have a negative impact on our business. 

31




 

Table of Contents







Increased sales of used interactive entertainment products could lower our sales.  

        Certain of our larger customers sell used interactive entertainment products, which are generally priced lower than new interactive
entertainment products and do not result in any revenues to the publisher of the games. Sales of used interactive entertainment products could negatively affect our sales of new products. 







Our products are subject to ratings by the Entertainment Software Rating Board in the U.S. and
similar agencies in international jurisdictions. Our failure to obtain our target ratings for our products could negatively impact our business.  

        The Entertainment Software Rating Board (the "ESRB") is a self-regulatory body based in the United States that provides consumers of
interactive entertainment software with ratings information, including information on the content in such software, such as violence, nudity or sexual content contained in software titles. The ESRB
rating categories are "Early Childhood" (i.e., content is intended for young children), "Everyone"
(i.e., content is generally suitable for all ages), "Everyone 10+" (i.e., content is generally suitable
for ages 10 and up), "Teen" (i.e., content is generally suitable for ages 13 and up), "Mature" (i.e.,
content is generally suitable for ages 17 and up) and "Adults Only" (i.e., content is suitable for adults ages 18 and up). Certain of our most
significant titles have received a "Mature" rating, inherently limiting the target audience. Certain countries other than the United States have also established content rating systems as
prerequisites for product sales in those countries. In some countries, a company may be required to modify its products to comply with the requirements of the rating systems, which could delay or
disrupt the release of any given product, or may prevent its sale altogether in certain territories. Further, if an agency re-rates one of our games for any reason, retailers could refuse to sell it
and demand that we accept the return of any unsold or returned copies or consumers could demand a refund for copies purchased. If we are unable to obtain the ratings we have targeted for our products
as a result of changes in a content rating organization's ratings standards or for other reasons, it could have a negative impact on our business. 








Additional content-related policies adopted by retailers could negatively affect sales of our
products.  

        Retailers may decline to sell interactive entertainment software containing what they judge to be graphic violence or sexually explicit
material or other content that they deem inappropriate for their businesses, whether because a product received a certain rating by the ESRB or other content rating system, or otherwise. If retailers
decline to sell our products based upon their opinion that they contain objectionable themes, graphic violence or sexually explicit material or other generally objectionable content, we might be
required to either: significantly change or discontinue particular titles or series or forfeit the revenue opportunity of selling our product with that retailer. 







Our business, products, and distribution are subject to increasing regulation of content in key
territories. If we do not successfully respond to these regulations, our business, financial condition, results of operations, profitability, cash flows or liquidity could be materially adversely
affected.  

        Legislation is continually being introduced, and litigation and regulatory enforcement actions are taking place, that may affect the
way in which we, and other industry participants, may offer content and features, and distribute and advertise our products. For example, privacy laws and regulatory guidance in many countries impose
various restrictions on online and mobile advertising, as well as the collection, storage and use of personally identifiable information. We may be required to modify certain of our product
development processes or alter our marketing strategies to comply with such regulations, which could be costly or delay the release of our products. In addition, many foreign countries, such as China
and Germany, have laws that permit governmental entities to restrict the content and/or advertising of interactive entertainment software or prohibit certain types of content. Further, legislation
which attempts to restrict marketing or distribution of such products because of the 

32




 

Table of Contents

content
therein has been introduced at one time or another at the federal and state levels in the United States. There is on-going risk of enhanced regulation of interactive entertainment marketing,
content or sales. These laws and regulations vary by territory and may be inconsistent with one another, imposing conflicting or uncertain restrictions. The adoption and enforcement of legislation
which restricts the marketing, content or sales of our products in countries in which we do business may harm the sales of our products, as the products we are able to offer to our customers and the
size of the potential market for our products may be limited. Failure to comply with any applicable legislation may also result in government-imposed fines or other penalties. Moreover, the increased
public dialogue concerning interactive entertainment may have an adverse impact on our reputation and consumers' willingness to purchase our products. 







We may not be able to maintain our distribution relationships with key vendors and customers.  

        Our NBG and Centresoft subsidiaries distribute interactive entertainment software and hardware products and provide related services in
Germany and the United Kingdom, respectively, and via export in other European countries for a variety of entertainment software publishers, many of which are our competitors, and hardware
manufacturers. From time to time, these subsidiaries also maintain exclusive relationships to serve certain retail customers. These services are generally performed subject to limited-term
arrangements. Although we expect to use reasonable efforts to retain these vendors and retail customer relationships, we may not be successful in this regard. The cancellation or non-renewal of one or
more of these arrangements could negatively impact our business. 







A substantial portion of World of Warcraft's subscribers pay their subscription fees using credit
cards. Credit card or other fraud could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, profitability, cash flows or liquidity.  

        A substantial portion of the subscription revenues generated by World of Warcraft is paid by subscribers using credit cards. At times,
there may be attempts to use fraudulently obtained credit card numbers to pay for World of Warcraft upgrades or subscriptions. Additionally, the credit card numbers and other sensitive or personally
identifiable information of World of Warcraft's subscribers and Battle.net account holders are maintained in a proprietary database that may be subject to malicious intrusion by hackers or otherwise
compromised internally or externally. As fraudulent schemes become more sophisticated, it may become more difficult and more costly for us to detect credit card or other fraud and we may be required
to incur costs to implement additional security measures to protect subscriber information. An increase in credit card or other fraud could have adverse consequences. In addition, we may be subject to
legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, if there is loss, disclosure or misappropriation of or access to our customers' credit card or other sensitive or
personally identifiable information. 







Data breaches involving the source code for our products or customer, consumer or employee data
stored by us, or by a third party operating on our behalf, could negatively impact our business.  

        In the course of our day-to-day business, we and third parties operating on our behalf create, store and/or use commercially sensitive
information, such as the source code and game assets for our interactive entertainment software products and confidential information with respect to our customers, consumers and employees. A
malicious intrusion by hackers or other breach
of the systems on which such source code and assets, account information (including personally identifiable information) and other sensitive data is stored could lead to piracy of our software,
fraudulent activity, disclosure or misappropriation of, or access to, our customers', consumers' or employees' personally identifiable information or our own sensitive business data. A data intrusion
into a server for a game with online features, such as
CONTENT_94:

CONTENT_95:

CONTENT_96:

CONTENT_97:

CONTENT_98:

CONTENT_99:

CONTENT_100:

CONTENT_101:

CONTENT_102:

CONTENT_103:

CONTENT_104:

CONTENT_105:

CONTENT_106:

CONTENT_107:

CONTENT_108:

CONTENT_109:

CONTENT_110:

CONTENT_111:

CONTENT_112:

CONTENT_113:

CONTENT_114:

CONTENT_115:

CONTENT_116:

CONTENT_117:

CONTENT_118:

CONTENT_119:

CONTENT_120:

CONTENT_121:

CONTENT_122:

CONTENT_123:

CONTENT_124:

CONTENT_125:

CONTENT_126:

CONTENT_127:

CONTENT_128:

CONTENT_129:

CONTENT_130:

CONTENT_131:

CONTENT_132:

CONTENT_133:

CONTENT_134:

CONTENT_135:

CONTENT_136:

CONTENT_137:

CONTENT_138:

CONTENT_139:

CONTENT_140:

CONTENT_141:

CONTENT_142:

CONTENT_143:

CONTENT_144:

