CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:
&#32;
CONTENT_4:
Our business is highly seasonal with the highest levels of consumer demand and a significant percentage of our sales occurring in the quarter ending in December and a seasonal low in sales volume in the quarter ending in June. While our sales generally follow this seasonal trend, there can be no assurance that this trend will continue. If we miss key selling periods for products, for any reason, including product delays, product cancellations, or delayed introduction of a new platform for which we have developed products, our sales are likely to suffer significantly. Additionally, macroeconomic conditions or the occurrence of unforeseen events that negatively impact retailer or consumer buying patterns during the quarter ending in December are likely to affect us disproportionately. Our ability to meet product development schedules is affected by a number of factors both within and outside our control, including feedback from our players, the creative processes involved, the coordination of large and sometimes geographically dispersed development teams, the increasing complexity of our products and the platforms for which they are developed, and the need to fine-tune our products prior to their release. We have experienced development delays for our products in the past, which caused us to delay or cancel release dates. We also seek to release certain products in conjunction with key events, such as the beginning of a sports season or major sporting event, or the release of a related movie. If a key event or sports season to which our product release schedule is tied were to be delayed or cancelled, our sales would likely suffer disproportionately. Any failure to meet anticipated production or release schedules would likely result in a delay of revenue and/or possibly a significant shortfall in our revenue, increase our development and/or marketing expenses, harm our profitability, and cause our operating results to be materially different than anticipated.
CONTENT_5:
New video game console systems have historically been developed and released every few years, which causes the video game software market to be cyclical as well. In periods of transition from legacy generation consoles to new generation consoles, sales of software for legacy generation console systems typically slow or decline in response to the anticipated and actual introduction of new consoles, and new generation console software sales typically stabilize after new consoles are widely-established with the consumer base.     11Sony and Microsoft launched the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, respectively, in November 2013. During fiscal 2015, we saw consumers purchase fewer software products for the Sony PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Xbox 360 legacy generation consoles. Consistent with other transition periods, we expect this trend to continue. This trend could also accelerate faster than anticipated and may put downward pressure on legacy generation video game software pricing, which could negatively affect our operating results. Our revenue from software sales for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One may not offset the negative effects of this trend on our operating results. In addition, we do not control the unit volumes of consoles made available for sale or the rates at which consumers purchase these consoles. As a result, our operating results during this transitional period may be more volatile and difficult to predict.
CONTENT_6:
The success of our business is driven in part by the commercial success and adequate supply of video game console systems, PCs, mobile phones and tablets manufactured by third parties. Our success also depends on our ability to accurately predict which platforms will be successful in the marketplace and our ability to develop commercially successful products and services for these platforms. We must make product development decisions and commit significant resources well in advance of anticipated platform release dates and may incur significant expense to adjust our product portfolio and development efforts in response to changing consumer platform preferences. Additionally, we may enter into certain exclusive licensing arrangements that affect our ability to deliver or market products or services on certain platforms. A platform for which we are developing products and services may not succeed to the extent expected or new platforms may take market share and game software consumers away from platforms for which we have devoted significant resources. If consumer demand for the platforms for which we are developing products and services is lower than our expectations, we may be unable to fully recover the investments we have made in developing our products and services, and our financial performance will be harmed. Alternatively, a platform for which we have not devoted significant resources could be more successful than we had initially anticipated, causing us to not be able to take advantage of meaningful revenue opportunities.
CONTENT_7:
We are actively seeking to monetize game properties through a variety of new business models, including from digital content delivery such as online distribution of full games and additional content, free-to-download games supported by advertising and/or micro-transactions and subscription services. Forecasting our revenues and profitability for these new business models is inherently uncertain and volatile. Our actual revenue and profit for these businesses may be significantly greater or less than our forecasts. Additionally, these new business models could fail for one or more of our titles, resulting in the loss of our investment in the development and infrastructure needed to support these new business models, as well as the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from more successful businesses.
CONTENT_8:
&#32;
CONTENT_9:
&#32;
CONTENT_10:
Rapid technology changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, which technologies we must implement and take advantage of in order to make our products and services competitive in the market. We have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies, technologies, products, and services. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that the technology we choose to adopt and the platforms, products and services that we pursue will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.Our product development usually starts with particular platforms and distribution methods in mind, and a range of technical development goals that we hope to be able to achieve. We may not be able to achieve these goals, or our competition may be able to achieve them more quickly and effectively than we can. In either case, our products and services may be technologically inferior to our competitors&#8217;, less appealing to consumers, or both. If we cannot achieve our technology goals within the original development schedule for our products and services, then we may delay their release until these technology goals can be achieved, which may delay or reduce revenue and increase our development expenses. Alternatively, we may increase the resources employed in research and development in an attempt to accelerate our development of new technologies, either to preserve our product or service launch schedule or to keep up with our competition, which would increase our development expenses. We may also miss opportunities to adopt technology, or develop products and services for new platforms or services that become popular with consumers, which could adversely affect our revenues. It may take significant time and resources to shift our focus to such technologies or platforms, putting us at a competitive disadvantage.12
CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:
We are investing and expect to continue to invest in technology, hardware and software to support our portfolio of online products and services.&#160;Launching and operating online games and services, developing related technologies and implementing online business initiatives is expensive and complex.&#160;Execution of these initiatives could result in operational failures and other issues impacting the technical stability of our products and services. In addition, having the necessary infrastructure to support our online products and services is vital to our growth and success.&#160;Our products and services could be adversely impacted by outages, disruptions and failures in our network and related infrastructure, as well as in the online platforms of key business partners who offer or support our online products and services.
CONTENT_14:
In the course of our business, we collect, process, store and use consumer information, including personal information, passwords and credit card information. Although we take measures to protect consumer information from unauthorized access, acquisition, disclosure and misuse, our security controls, policies and practices may not be able to prevent the improper or unauthorized access, acquisition or disclosure of such consumer information. In addition, third party vendors and business partners which in the course of our business receive access to consumer information that we collect also may not prevent data security breaches with respect to the consumer information we provide them or fully enforce our policies, contractual obligations and disclosures regarding the collection, use, storage, transfer and retention of personal data. The unauthorized access, acquisition or disclosure of consumer information could significantly harm our reputation, compel us to comply with disparate breach notification laws and otherwise subject us to proceedings by governmental entities or others and substantial legal liability. A perception that we do not adequately secure consumer information could result in a loss of current or potential consumers and business partners, as well as a loss of anticipated revenues. Our key business partners also face these same risks with respect to consumer information they collect and data security breaches with respect to such information could cause reputational harm to them and negatively impact our ability to offer our products and services through their platforms. 13We are also subject to payment card association rules and obligations pursuant to contracts with payment card processors. Under these rules and obligations, if information is compromised, we could be liable to payment card issuers for the cost of associated expenses and penalties. In addition, if we fail to follow payment card industry security standards, even if no customer information is compromised, we could incur significant fines or experience a significant increase in payment card transaction costs.&#160;In addition, the rate of data privacy, security and consumer-protection law-making is accelerating globally, and the interpretation and application of consumer protection and data privacy and security laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain, contradictory and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted or applied in a manner that is adverse to us or otherwise inconsistent with our practices, which could result in litigation, regulatory investigations and potential legal liability or require us to change our practices in a manner adverse to our business. As a result, our reputation may be harmed, we could incur substantial costs, and we could lose both customers and revenue.Any failure by EA, or our agents to comply with our privacy policy or with other federal, state or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against EA by governmental entities or others as well as resulting liability.
CONTENT_15:
Individual players form our ultimate customer base, and player expectations regarding the quality, performance and integrity of our products and services are high. Players may be critical of our brands, products, services and/or business practices for a wide variety of reasons. These negative player reactions may not be foreseeable or within our control to manage effectively, including perceptions about gameplay fairness, negative player reactions to game content, components and services, or objections to certain of our business practices. &#160;In the past, we have taken actions, including delaying the release of our games, after taking into consideration, among other things, feedback from the player community even if those decisions negatively impacted our operating results in the short term.  We expect to continue to take actions to address concerns as appropriate, including actions that may result in additional expenditures and the loss of revenue.&#160; Negative player sentiment about our business practices also can lead to investigations from regulatory agencies and consumer groups, as well as litigation, which, regardless of their outcome, may be costly, damaging to our reputation and harm our business.
CONTENT_16:
Products and services such as ours are extremely complex software programs, and are difficult to develop and distribute. We have quality controls in place to detect defects in our products and services before they are released. Nonetheless, these quality controls are subject to human error, overriding, and reasonable resource constraints. Therefore, these quality controls and preventative measures may not be effective in detecting defects in our products and services before they have been released into the marketplace. In such an event, we could be required to or may find it necessary to voluntarily recall a product or suspend the availability of the product or service, which could significantly harm our business and operating results.
CONTENT_17:
Legislation is continually being introduced in the United States and other countries to mandate rating requirements or set other restrictions on the advertisement or distribution of entertainment software based on content. In the United States, most courts, including the United States Supreme Court, that have ruled on such legislation have generally ruled in a manner favorable to the interactive entertainment industry. Some foreign countries have adopted ratings regulations and certain countries allow government censorship of entertainment software products. Adoption of government ratings system or restrictions on distribution of entertainment software based on content could harm our business by limiting the products we are able to offer to our customers and compliance with new and possibly inconsistent regulations for different territories could be costly, delay or prevent the release of our products in those territories.As we increase the online delivery of our products and services, we are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet. In addition, laws and regulations relating to user privacy, data collection, retention, electronic commerce, consumer protection, content, advertising, localization, and information security have been adopted or are being considered for adoption by many countries throughout the world. The costs of compliance with these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation. Furthermore, any failure on our part to comply with these laws or the application of these laws in an unanticipated manner may harm our business and result in penalties or significant legal liability.14
CONTENT_18:
&#32;
CONTENT_19:
The market for technical, creative, marketing and other personnel essential to the development and marketing of our products and services and management of our businesses is extremely competitive. Our leading position within the interactive entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting our executives as well as key creative and technical talent. If we cannot successfully recruit and retain the employees we need, or replace key employees following their departure, our ability to develop and manage our business will be impaired.
CONTENT_20:
Our products and services are marketed worldwide through a diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional programs such as online and mobile advertising, television advertising, retail merchandising, website development, event sponsorship and direct communications with our consumers including via email. Our ability to sell our products and services is dependent in part upon the success of these programs. If the marketing for our products and services fails to resonate with our customers, particularly during the critical holiday season or during other key selling periods, or as advertising rates or other media placement costs increase, these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results.
CONTENT_21:
&#32;
CONTENT_22:
&#32;
CONTENT_23:
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, approximately 58 percent of our net revenue was derived from our top ten customers. Though our products are available to consumers through a variety of retailers and directly through us, the concentration of our sales in one, or a few, large customers could lead to a short-term disruption in our sales if one or more of these customers significantly reduced their purchases or ceased to carry our products and services, and could make us more vulnerable to collection risk if one or more of these large customers became unable to pay for our products or declared bankruptcy. Additionally, our receivables from these large customers generally increase significantly in the December quarter as they make purchases in anticipation of the holiday selling season. Having such a large portion of our total net revenue concentrated in a few customers could reduce our negotiating leverage with these customers. If one or more of our key customers experience deterioration in their business, or become unable to obtain sufficient financing to maintain their operations, our business could be harmed.
CONTENT_24:
&#160; Our products and services are sold to customers, primarily through retailers and online through our channel partners, including Sony, Microsoft, Apple and Google. In many cases, our channel partners set the rates that we must pay to provide our games and services through their online channels.  In certain cases, our channel partners retain flexibility to change their fee structures or adopt different fee structures for their online channels, which could adversely impact our costs, profitability and margins.Outside of the financial arrangements, our agreements with our channel partners typically give them significant control over other aspects of the distribution of the products and services that we develop for their platform. For example, our agreements with Sony and Microsoft typically give significant control to them over the approval, manufacturing and distribution of our products and services, which could, in certain circumstances, leave us unable to get our products and services approved, manufactured and distributed to customers. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, 66 percent of our net revenue was derived from products and services for Sony&#8217;s PlayStation 3 and 4 and Microsoft&#8217;s Xbox 360 and One consoles (combined across all four platforms). For our digital products and services delivered direct to consumers via digital channels such as Sony&#8217;s PlayStation Network, Microsoft&#8217;s Xbox LIVE Marketplace, Apple&#8217;s App Store and the Google Play store, the channel partner has policies and guidelines that control the promotion and distribution of these titles and the features and functionalities that we are permitted to offer through the channel. In addition, while we have negotiated agreements in place with our channel partners - these agreements reserve the right by our channel partners to determine and change unilaterally certain key terms and conditions, including the ability to change their user and developer policies and guidelines, which can negatively impact our business. If our channel partners establish terms that restrict our offerings through their channels, or significantly impact the financial terms on which these products or services are offered to our customers, our business could be harmed.15
CONTENT_25:
Our business is subject to risks that are generally associated with the entertainment industry, many of which are beyond our control. These risks could negatively impact our operating results and include: the popularity, price and timing of our games and the platforms on which they are played; economic conditions that adversely affect discretionary consumer spending; changes in consumer demographics; the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment; and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted.
CONTENT_26:
We rely on various business partners, including third-party service providers, vendors, licensing partners, development partners, and licensees, among others, in many areas of our business. The actions of our business partners may put our business and our reputation at risk.  In many cases, these third parties are given access to sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support to our teams. These third parties may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. The failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies, or the failure of the third parties to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies, could result in a disruption to our business operations. Further, disruptions in the financial markets and economic downturns may adversely affect our business partners and they may not be able to continue honoring their obligations to us. Alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. If we lose one or more significant business partners, our business could be harmed.
CONTENT_27:
&#32;From time to time, third parties may assert claims against us based on allegations of violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, patent holding companies seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. Although we take steps to avoid knowingly violating the intellectual property rights of others, it is possible that third parties still may claim infringement. In addition, our products often utilize complex, cutting-edge technology that may be subject to intellectual property claims, particularly since there are an increasing number of companies that focus their efforts exclusively on enforcing their patent rights. Existing or future infringement claims against us, whether valid or not, may be time consuming and expensive to defend. Such claims or litigations could require us to pay damages and other costs, stop selling the affected products, redesign those products to avoid infringement, or obtain a license, all of which could be costly and harm our business. In addition, many patents have been issued that may apply to potential new modes of delivering, playing or monetizing game software products and services, such as those that we produce or would like to offer in the future. We may discover that future opportunities to provide new and innovative modes of game play and game delivery to consumers may be precluded by existing patents that we are unable to license on reasonable terms.
CONTENT_28:
&#32;adversely affect us.We are currently, and from time to time in the future may become, subject to legal proceedings, claims, litigation and government investigations or inquiries, which could be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations. In addition, the outcome of any legal proceedings, claims, litigation, investigations or inquiries may be difficult to predict and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition.
CONTENT_29:
&#32;
CONTENT_30:
&#32;consequences.We expect to continue making acquisitions or entering into other strategic transactions including (1) acquisitions of companies, businesses, intellectual properties, and other assets, (2) minority investments in strategic partners, and (3) investments in new interactive entertainment businesses (e.g., online and mobile publishing platforms) as part of our long-term business strategy. These transactions involve significant challenges and risks including, in the end, that the transaction does not advance our business strategy, that we do not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, that we acquire unknown liabilities, or that we experience difficulty in the integration of business systems and technologies, the integration and retention of new employees, or in the maintenance of key business and customer relationships of the businesses we acquire, or diversion of management&#8217;s attention from our other businesses. These events could harm our operating results or financial condition.16Future acquisitions and investments also could involve the issuance of our equity and equity-linked securities (potentially diluting our existing stockholders), the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles, or acquired in-process technology, or other increased cash and non-cash expenses, such as stock-based compensation. Any of the foregoing factors could harm our financial condition or prevent us from achieving improvements in our financial condition and operating performance that could have otherwise been achieved by us on a stand-alone basis. Our stockholders may not have the opportunity to review, vote on or evaluate future acquisitions or investments.
CONTENT_31:
We regard our products and brands as proprietary and take measures to protect our products, brands and other confidential information from infringement. We are aware that some unauthorized copying of our products and brands occurs, and if a significantly greater amount were to occur, it could negatively impact our business.Piracy and other forms of unauthorized copying and use of our content and brands are persistent problems for us, and policing is difficult. Further, the laws of some countries in which our products are or may be distributed either do not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, or are poorly enforced. Legal protection of our rights may be ineffective in such countries. In addition, although we take steps to enforce and police our rights, factors such as&#32;the proliferation of technology designed to circumvent the protection measures used in our products, the availability of broadband access to the Internet, the refusal of Internet service providers or platform holders to remove infringing content in certain instances, and the proliferation of online channels through which infringing product is distributed have all have contributed to an expansion in unauthorized copying of our products and brands.
CONTENT_32:
We may be subject to outrages or disruptions of our infrastructure, including information technology system failures and network disruptions. These may be caused by natural disasters, cyber-incidents, weather events, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or other events. System redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and the Company&#8217;s disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Such failures or disruptions could prevent access to our products, services or online stores selling our products and services.&#160; Our corporate headquarters in Redwood City, CA and our studio in Burnaby, British Columbia are located in seismically active regions, and certain of our game development activities and other essential business operations are conducted at these locations. An event that results in the disruption of any of our critical business or IT systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations.
CONTENT_33:
International sales are a fundamental part of our business. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, international net revenue comprised 57 percent of our total net revenue and we expect international sales to continue to account for a significant portion of our total net revenue. As a result of our international sales, and also the denomination of our foreign investments and our cash and cash equivalents in foreign currencies, we are exposed to the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar during the second half of fiscal year 2015, particularly relative to the Euro, British pound sterling, Swedish krona and Canadian dollar, had a negative impact on our reported international net revenue but a positive impact on our reported international operating expenses because these amounts were translated at lower rates in fiscal 2015 than fiscal 2014. Our fiscal year 2015 results of operations, including our net revenue and net income were adversely affected by these foreign currency fluctuations and these trends may continue in fiscal 2016. We use foreign currency hedging contracts to mitigate some foreign currency risk. However, these activities are limited in the protection they provide us from foreign currency fluctuations and can themselves result in losses.
CONTENT_34:
We have outstanding $632.5 million of convertible senior notes due July 2016 (the &#8220;Notes&#8221;), which result in debt service obligations of approximately $5&#160;million per year. In addition, in March 2015, we entered into an unsecured committed $500 million revolving credit facility. While the facility is currently undrawn, we may use the proceeds of any future borrowings for general corporate purposes. The credit facility contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants, including a maximum capitalization ratio and minimum liquidity requirements. We may enter into other financial instruments in the future.Our indebtedness, particularly the July 2016 maturity of the Notes, could affect our financial condition and future financial results by, among other things:17&#8226;requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund our growth strategy, working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; and &#8226;limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry.In connection with the offering of the Notes, we entered into certain privately-negotiated transactions to reduce the potential dilution with respect to our common stock upon conversion of the Notes. We also entered into separate, privately-negotiated warrant transactions whereby we sold warrants to independent third parties. The effect, if any, of these activities, including the direction or magnitude, on the market price of our common stock will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of these activities could, however, adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the trading price of the Notes. In addition, the counterparties to these agreements are financial institutions and we are subject to the risk that one or more of these counterparties might default on the transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of these counterparties is not secured by any collateral and the amount of that exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock.
CONTENT_35:
We are subject to taxes in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision and accruals for other taxes, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our effective income tax rate could be adversely affected by our profit levels, by changes in our business, reorganization of our business and operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the elections we make, changes in applicable tax laws, or changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, as well as other factors. We are also required to pay taxes other than income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Furthermore, we are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities with respect to both income and such other non-income taxes.  Adverse changes in our effective income tax rate, unfavorable audit results or tax rulings, or other changes resulting in significant additional tax liabilities could have material adverse effects upon our earnings, cash flows, and financial condition.
CONTENT_36:
&#32;financial accounting standards.Our reported financial results are impacted by the accounting standards promulgated by the SEC and national accounting standards bodies and the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies. For example, accounting standards affecting software revenue recognition have affected and could continue to significantly affect the way we account for revenue and costs related to our products and services. We recognize all of the revenue from bundled sales (i.e., online-enabled games that include updates on a when-and-if-available basis or a matchmaking service) on a deferred basis over an estimated offering period. The related costs of revenues are expensed as incurred instead of deferred and recognized ratably. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,
CONTENT_37:
, which will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. While we have not yet determined the effect of the new standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements, we believe the new standard may require us to materially change the way we account for revenue by requiring us to recognize more revenue upon delivery of the primary product than we currently do under current accounting standards. The new standard may also require us to materially change the way we account for related costs by requiring us to capitalize and amortize certain costs over the period the related assets are transferred to the customer.As we enhance, expand and diversify our business and product offerings, the application of existing or future financial accounting standards, particularly those relating to the way we account for revenue, costs and taxes, could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results although not necessarily on our cash flows.
CONTENT_38:
The market price of our common stock historically has been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. These fluctuations may be due to factors specific to us (including those discussed in the risk factors above, as well as others not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material), to changes in securities analysts&#8217; earnings estimates or ratings, to our results or future financial guidance falling below our expectations and analysts&#8217; and investors&#8217; expectations, to factors affecting the entertainment, computer, software, Internet, media or electronics industries, to our ability to successfully integrate any acquisitions we may make, or to national or international economic conditions. In particular, 18economic downturns may contribute to the public stock markets experiencing extreme price and trading volume volatility. These broad market fluctuations have and could continue to adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 19<hr style="page-break-after:always"
