CONTENT_1:
Our operating results have fluctuated and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future on a quarterly and annual basis as a result of a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control.  Results in any period could be affected by:&#8226;changes in market demand,&#8226;competitive market conditions,&#8226;the timing of recognizing revenues,&#8226;fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates,&#8226;the cost and availability of components,&#8226;the mix of our customer base and sales channels,&#8226;the mix of products sold,&#8226;pricing of products, and &#8226;global or regional economic developments.Seasonal variations in demand for our products may also affect our quarterly results.  Construction purchases tend to occur in early spring, and U.S. governmental agencies tend to utilize funds available at the end of the government&#8217;s fiscal year for additional purchases at the end of our third fiscal quarter in September of each year.   Our agricultural equipment business revenues have historically been the highest in the first quarter, followed by the second quarter, reflecting buying in anticipation of the spring planting season in the Northern hemisphere.  If we do not accurately forecast seasonal demand we may be left with unsold inventory or have a shortage of inventory, which could negatively impact our financial results.Due in part to the buying patterns of our customers, a significant portion of our quarterly revenue occurs from orders received and immediately shipped to customers in the last few weeks and days of each quarter, while our operating expense tends to remain fairly predictable.  A majority of our sales force earns commissions on a quarterly basis which may cause concentrations of orders at the end of any fiscal quarter.  It could harm our operating results if for any reason expected sales are deferred, orders are not received, or shipments are delayed a few days at the end of a quarter.  The price of our common stock could decline substantially in the event such occurrences result in our financial performance being below the expectations of public market analysts and investors, which are based on historical models that are not necessarily accurate representations of the future.
CONTENT_2:
The market price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile.  During fiscal 2014, our stock price ranged from $26.51 to $39.96.  We believe that a variety of factors could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate, perhaps substantially, including:&#8226;announcements and rumors of developments related to our business or the industry in which we compete,&#8226;quarterly fluctuations in our actual or anticipated operating results and order levels,&#8226;general conditions in the worldwide economy,&#8226;acquisition announcements,&#8226;new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors,&#8226;developments in patents or other intellectual property rights and litigation,&#8226;security breaches,&#8226;developments in our relationships with our partners, customers and suppliers, and&#8226;significant acts of terrorism.In addition, the stock market in general and the markets for shares of &#8220;high-tech&#8221; companies in particular, have frequently experienced extreme price fluctuations which have often been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies.  Any such fluctuations in the future could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.15Table of Contents
CONTENT_3:
Our earnings and financial position are and will continue to be influenced by various macroeconomic factors-including increases or decreases in gross domestic product, the level of consumer and business confidence, changes in interest rates on consumer and business credit, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, energy prices, and the cost of commodities such as corn-which exist in the various countries in which we operate.  During 2014 we experienced a strengthening U.S. Dollar which had the impact of making some of our products and services more expensive than many of our local competitors.  In the recent past, uncertainties in the financial and credit markets have caused our customers to postpone purchases, and negative economic conditions may reduce future sales of, or demand for, our products and services.  Negative economic conditions may depress the tax revenues of federal, state and local government entities, which are significant purchasers of our products.  Many of our products are sold through dealer channels, and our dealers depend on the availability of credit to finance purchases of our products for their inventory.  Sources of credit could disappear or the financial situation of our channel partners and customers could become such that they are no longer eligible for such financing. Negative economic conditions may result in increased collection times or greater write-offs, affecting our cash flow. Our suppliers may be impacted by economic pressures, which may adversely affect their ability to fulfill their obligations to us and therefore cause a disruption in our supply chain.  Financial conditions in several regions continue to place significant economic pressures on existing and potential customers, including our dealer channels.  There is particular concern about economic conditions in Europe, which has experienced negative impacts from sovereign debt levels and government taxing and spending actions to address such issues, and pressures on the banking system in certain European Union countries.  It is uncertain whether central bank or governmental measures will improve these conditions.  Other governments may continue to implement measures which may slow the economic growth rate in those countries (e.g., higher interest rates, reduced bank lending and other anti-inflation measures).  Growth rates in key emerging markets, including China, have slowed, which could affect demand for our products.We are subject to the cyclicality of the agricultural and engineering and construction industries, which can cause sudden (and sometimes material) declines in demand, with negative effects on sales, inventory levels and product pricing.  In general, demand in the engineering and construction industries for our products is highly correlated to the economic cycle and can be subject to even greater levels of volatility.  The agricultural spending cycle is influenced by general economic conditions as well as weather, crop loads, commodity pricing, especially corn, the availability of credit and the strength of the U.S. Dollar.  In 2014, the agricultural sector experienced a significant downturn which is continuing, which had a negative effect on the company&#8217;s overall growth rate.  If there is significant deterioration in the global economy, the economies of key countries or regions, or important customer markets, the demand for our products and services would likely decrease and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.  Changes in economic conditions also make it difficult to make financial forecasts, which could cause us to miss our financial guidance and adversely affect our stock price.
CONTENT_4:
Fluctuations in currencies impact our operating results, which are reported in U.S. Dollars. A significant portion of our business is conducted outside the U.S., and as such, we face exposure to movements in non-U.S. currency exchange rates.  These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows.  During 2014 our business was negatively impacted by the strong U.S. Dollar which increased the cost of some of our products and services relative to those of local competitors in some jurisdictions.  If the U.S. Dollar remains strong or there is an increase in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar against other currencies, it could negatively impact foreign demand for our products or reduce the dollar value of local currency sales.  Possible import, export, tariff, and other trade barriers, which could be imposed by other countries, might have a material adverse effect on the business.  Currently, we routinely hedge only those currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies.  The hedging activities undertaken by us are intended to offset the short term impact of currency fluctuations on certain non-functional currency assets and liabilities.  Our attempts to hedge against these risks could be unsuccessful and expose us to losses.
CONTENT_5:
We typically acquire a number of companies each year, and intend to continue to acquire other companies.  Acquisitions of companies entail numerous risks, including:16Table of Contents&#8226;potential inability to successfully integrate acquired operations and products or to realize cost savings or other anticipated benefits from integration;&#8226;loss of key employees of acquired operations;&#8226;difficulty of assimilating geographically dispersed operations and personnel of the acquired companies;&#8226;potential disruption of our ongoing business;&#8226;unanticipated expense related to acquisitions; &#8226;unanticipated difficulties in conforming business practices, policies, procedures, internal controls, and financial records of acquisitions with our own business;&#8226;impairment of relationships with employees and customers of either an acquired company or our own business;&#8226;inability to accurately forecast performance of newly acquired businesses, resulting in unforeseen adverse effects on our operating results;  &#8226;potential unknown liabilities, including liabilities resulting from unknown compliance or legal issues,  associated with an acquired business; and&#8226;negative accounting impact to our results of operations because of purchase accounting treatment and the business practices of acquired companies.Any such effects from acquisitions could be costly and place a significant strain on our management systems and resources.  As a result of acquisitions, we have significant assets that include goodwill and other purchased intangibles.  The testing of this goodwill and intangibles for impairment under established accounting guidelines requires significant use of judgment and assumptions.  Changes in business conditions could require negative adjustments to the valuation of these assets resulting in write-offs which adversely affect our results.  If we divest a business and the proceeds are less than the net book value at the time, we would be forced to write off the difference.  In addition, losses incurred by a company in which we have an investment may have a direct impact on our financial statements or could result in our having to write-down the value of such investment.  Even if successfully negotiated and closed, acquisitions may not yield expected synergies, may not advance our business strategy as expected, may fall short of expected return-on-investment targets, or may not prove successful or effective for our business.  Companies that we acquire may operate with different cost and margin structures, which could further cause fluctuations in our operating results and adversely affect our operating margins.
CONTENT_6:
We believe that in certain business opportunities our success will depend on our ability to form and maintain alliances with industry participants, such as Caterpillar, Nikon, Hilti, and CNH Global.  Our failure to form and maintain such alliances, or the pre-emption of such alliances by actions of competitors, will adversely affect our ability to sell our products to customers.  Our relationships with substantial industry participants such as Caterpillar and CNH are complex and multifaceted, and may be subject to change based upon the business needs and objectives of the parties.  Since these strategic relationships contribute to significant ongoing business in certain of our important markets, changes in these relationships could adversely affect our sales and revenues.  We utilize dealer networks, including those affiliated with some of our strategic allies such as Caterpillar and CNH Global, to market, sell and service many of our products.  Changes in our product mix, including increasing provision of software and bundled solutions tailored to the needs of specific vertical markets, impose new demands on our distribution channels and may require significant changes in the skills and expertise required to successfully distribute our products and services, or the creation of new distribution channels.  Recruiting and retaining qualified channel partners and training them in the use and the selling of our technology and product offerings requires significant time and resources.  In order to develop and expand our distribution channels, we must continue to expand and improve our processes and procedures that support our channel, including our investment in systems and training, and those processes and procedures may become increasingly complex and difficult to manage.  The time and expense required for sales and marketing organizations of our channel partners to become familiar with our product offerings, including our new&#160;product developments, and newer types of offering such as software and services, may make it more difficult to introduce those products to end-users and delay end-user adoption, which could result in lower revenues.Disruption of dealer coverage within specific geographic markets could cause difficulties in marketing, selling or servicing our products and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.  Moreover, dealers who carry products that compete with our products may focus their inventory purchases and sales efforts on goods provided by competitors due to industry demand or profitability.  Such inventory adjustments and sourcing decisions can adversely impact our sales, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_7:
17Table of ContentsA cybersecurity incident in our own systems or the systems of our third party providers may compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our own internal data, the availability of our products and websites designed to support our customers, or our customer data.  Computer hackers, foreign governments or cyber terrorists may attempt to penetrate our network security and our website.  Unauthorized access to our proprietary business information or customer data may be obtained through break-ins, sabotage, breach of our secure network by an unauthorized party, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, employee theft or misuse, breach of the security of the networks of our third party providers, or other misconduct.  Because the techniques used by computer hackers who may attempt to penetrate and sabotage our network security or our website change frequently and may not be recognized until after they have been launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques.  It is also possible that unauthorized access to customer data may be obtained through inadequate use of security controls by customers.  A cybersecurity incident affecting our systems may also result in theft of our intellectual property, proprietary data or trade secrets, which would compromise our competitive position.The systems we rely upon also remain vulnerable to damage or interruption from a number of other factors, including access to the internet, the failure of our network or software systems, or significant variability in visitor traffic on our product websites, earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication failures, computer viruses, human error, and similar events or disruptions.  Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for all eventualities.  Our systems are also subject to intentional acts of vandalism.  Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster, a decision by any of our third-party hosting providers to close a facility we use without adequate notice for financial or other reasons, or other unanticipated problems at our hosting facilities could cause system interruptions and delays, and result in loss of critical data and lengthy interruptions in our services.We rely on our information systems and those of third parties for activities such as processing customer orders, delivery of products, hosting and providing services and support to our customers, billing and tracking our customers, hosting and managing our customer data, and otherwise running our business.  Any disruptions or unexpected incompatibilities in our information systems and those of the third parties upon whom we rely could have a significant impact on our business.An increasing portion of our revenue comes from software as a service solutions and other hosted services in which we store, retrieve, communicate and manage data which is critical to our customers&#8217; business systems.  Disruption of our systems which support these services and solutions could cause disruptions in our customers&#8217; systems and in the businesses that rely on these systems.  Any such disruptions could harm our reputation, create liabilities to our customers, hurt demand for our services and solutions, and negatively impact our revenues and profitability.
CONTENT_8:
Our products, including our software products, are highly technical and complex and, when deployed, may contain errors, defects or security vulnerabilities.  We must develop our products quickly to keep pace with the rapidly changing market, and we have a history of frequently introducing new products.  Products and services as sophisticated as ours could contain undetected errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new models or versions are released.  Such occurrences could result in damage to our reputation, lost revenue, diverted development resources, increased customer service and support costs, warranty claims, and litigation.We warrant that our products will be free of defect for various periods of time, depending on the product.  In addition, certain of our contracts include epidemic failure clauses.  If invoked, these clauses may entitle the customer to return or obtain credits for products and inventory, or to cancel outstanding purchase orders even if the products themselves are not defective.Errors, viruses or bugs may be present in software that we license from third parties and incorporate into our products or in third party software that our customers use in conjunction with our software.  Our customers&#8217; proprietary software and network firewall protections may corrupt data from our products and create difficulties in implementing our solutions.  Changes to third party software that our customers use in conjunction with our software could also render our applications inoperable.  Any errors, defects or security vulnerabilities in our products or any defects in, or compatibility issues with, any third party software or customers&#8217; network environments discovered after commercial release could result in loss of revenues or delay in revenue recognition, loss of customers, theft of trade secrets, data or intellectual property and increased service and warranty cost, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our products alone or in combination with third party software could expose them to hackers or other unscrupulous third parties who develop and deploy viruses, and other malicious software programs that could attack our products.  Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products could harm our reputation and lead some customers to return products, to reduce or delay future purchases or use competitive products.
CONTENT_9:
18Table of ContentsBecause our operations are geographically diverse and increasingly complex, our personnel resources and infrastructure could become strained and our reputation in the market and our ability to successfully manage and grow our business may be adversely affected.  The size, complexity and diverse nature of our business and the expansion of our product lines and customer base have placed increased demands on our management and operations, and further growth, if any, may place additional strains on our resources in the future.  Our ability to effectively compete and to manage our planned future growth will depend on, among other things, the following: &#8226;Maintaining continuity in our senior management and key personnel; &#8226;Increasing the productivity of our existing employees; &#8226;Attracting, retaining, training and motivating our employees, particularly our technical and management personnel; &#8226;Deploying our solutions using third-party information systems, which may require changes to our applications, documentation and operational processes; &#8226;Improving our operational, financial and management controls; and &#8226;Improving our information reporting systems and procedures. The company has increasingly diversified the nature of its businesses both organically and by acquisition.  As a result, an increasing amount of our business involves business models which require managerial techniques and skill sets which are different from those required to manage our historical core businesses.  We are increasingly selling products and solutions directly to large enterprise customers and other end users of our products.  A direct sales model requires different skills and management processes and procedures from those we have generally used in our business in the past, and may create conflicts with our channel partners.  An increasing portion of our business will be associated with professional services in order to customize our solutions for the needs of individual customers, which has not previously represented a significant portion of our business.   If we are not successful in executing on these new models, our sales and revenue may suffer.
CONTENT_10:
An increasing portion of our revenue is generated through software maintenance and subscription revenue.  Our customers have no obligation to renew their agreements for our software maintenance or subscription services after the expiration of their initial contract period, which typically range from one to five years.  Our customer acquisition and renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including overall economic conditions, the health of their businesses, competitive offerings and customer dissatisfaction with our services.  If customers do not renew their contracts for our products, our maintenance and subscription revenue will decline and our financial results will suffer.  Any reduction in the number of licenses that we sell, even if our customer acquisition rates do not change, will have a negative impact on our future maintenance revenue growth.  Since its introduction, our software as a service delivery model has also contributed to subscription revenue.  If any of our assumptions about expenses, revenue or revenue recognition principles from these initiatives proves incorrect, or our attempts to improve efficiency are not successful, our actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, and our financial results will be negatively impacted.We continually re-evaluate our software licensing programs and subscription renewal programs, including specific license models, delivery methods, and terms and conditions. Changes to our licensing programs and subscription renewal programs, including the timing of the release of enhancements, upgrades, maintenance releases, the term of the contract, discounts, promotions and other factors, could impact the timing of the recognition of revenue for our products, related enhancements and services and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.  We may implement different licensing models which require the Company to recognize licensing fees over a longer period.  Over the last few years, we have increasingly offered additional products in a software as a service (SAAS) model.  SAAS revenues are recognized ratably over the subscription period.  Any significant increase in the percentage of our business generated from such a subscription model, could increase the amount of revenue to be recognized over time as opposed to upfront, which would delay revenue recognition and have a negative impact on our operating results in any quarterly period.  Due to these complexities associated with revenue recognition, we may not be able to accurately forecast our non-deferred and deferred revenues, which could cause us to miss our earnings estimates or revenue projections and negatively impact our stock price.
CONTENT_11:
Our markets are highly competitive and we expect that both direct and indirect competition will increase in the future.  Our overall competitive position depends on a number of factors including the price, quality and performance of our products, the effectiveness of our distribution channel and direct sales force,  the level of customer service, the development of new technology and our ability to participate in emerging markets.  Within each of our markets, we encounter direct competition from other GNSS, software, optical and laser suppliers and competition may intensify from various larger U.S. and non-U.S. competitors and new market entrants, particularly from emerging markets such as China.  Our products, which commonly use GNSS for basic location information, may be subject to competition from alternative location technologies such as simultaneous location and mapping 19Table of Contentstechnology.  As we sell an increasing amount of software and subscription services, we face competition from a group of large well established companies with whom we have not previously competed.  Our integrated hardware and software products may be subject to increasing competition from mass market devices such as smartphones and tablets used in conjunction with relatively inexpensive applications, which have not been heavily used for commercial applications in the past.  These developments may require us to rapidly adapt to technological and customer preference changes that we have not previously been exposed to, including those related to cloud computing, mobile devices and new computing platforms.  Such competition has in the past resulted and in the future may result in price reductions, reduced margins or loss of market share, any of which could decrease our revenue and growth rates or impair our operating results and financial condition.  We believe that our ability to compete successfully in the future against existing and additional competitors will depend largely on our ability to execute our strategy to provide products with significantly differentiated features compared to currently available products.  We may not be able to implement this strategy successfully, and our products may not be competitive with other technologies or products that may be developed by our competitors, many of whom have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales, and other resources than we do.
CONTENT_12:
Our future revenue stream depends to a large degree on our ability to bring new products and services to market on a timely basis.  We must continue to make significant investments in research and development in order to continue to develop new products and services, enhance existing products and achieve market acceptance of such products and services.  We may incur problems in the future in innovating and introducing new products and services.  Our development stage products may not be successfully completed or, if developed, may not achieve significant customer acceptance.  Development and manufacturing schedules for technology products are difficult to predict, and we might not achieve timely initial customer shipments of new products.  The timely availability of these products in volume and their acceptance by customers are important to our future success.  If we are unable to introduce new products and services, if other companies develop competing technology products and services, or if we do not develop compelling new products and services, our number of customers may not grow as anticipated, or may decline, which could harm our operating results. Many of our offerings are increasingly focused on software and subscription services.  The software industry is characterized by rapidly changing customer preferences which require us to address multiple delivery platforms, new mobile devices and cloud computing.  Life cycles of software products can be short and this can exacerbate the risks associated with developing new products.  The introduction of third-party solutions embodying new, disruptive technologies and the emergence of new industry standards could make our existing and future software solutions and other products obsolete or non-competitive.  If we are not able to develop software and other solutions that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our customers, or if we are unable to adapt to new technologies or new industry standards that impact our markets, our ability to retain or increase market share and revenues could be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_13:
We license software, technologies and intellectual property underlying some of our software from third parties.  The third party licenses we rely upon may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and the software and technologies may not be appropriately supported, maintained or enhanced by the licensors, resulting in development delays.  Some software licenses are subject to annual renewals at the discretion of the licensors.  In many cases, if we were to breach a provision of these license agreements, the licensor could terminate the agreement immediately.  The loss of licenses to, or inability to support, maintain and enhance, any such third party software or technology could result in increased costs, or delays in software releases or updates, until such issues have been resolved.  This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects.We also incorporate open source software into our products.  Although we monitor our use of open source, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market or sell our products or to develop new products.  In such event, we could be required to seek licenses from third-parties in order to continue offering our products, to disclose and offer royalty-free licenses in connection with our own source code, to re-engineer our products or to discontinue the sale of our products in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis, any of which could adversely affect our business.
CONTENT_14:

CONTENT_15:

CONTENT_16:
We are substantially dependent upon Flextronics International Limited as our preferred manufacturing partner for many of our GNSS products.  Under the agreement, we provide to Flextronics a twelve-month product forecast and place purchase orders with 21Table of ContentsFlextronics at least thirty calendar days in advance of the scheduled delivery of products to our customers, depending on production lead time.  Although purchase orders placed with Flextronics are cancelable, the terms of the agreement would require us to purchase from Flextronics all inventory not returnable or usable by other Flextronics customers.  Accordingly, if we inaccurately forecast demand for our products, we may be unable to obtain adequate manufacturing capacity from Flextronics to meet customers&#8217; delivery requirements or we may accumulate excess inventories, if such inventories are not usable by other Flextronics customers.  Our current contract with Flextronics continues in effect until either party gives the other ninety days written notice.We rely on specific suppliers for a number of our critical components and on other contract manufacturers, including Benchmark Electronics and Jabil, for the manufacture, test and assembly of certain products and components.  We have experienced shortages of components in the past.  Our current reliance on specific or a limited group of suppliers and contract manufacturers involves risks, including a potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of required components, reduced control over pricing and delivery schedules, discontinuation of certain components, and economic conditions which may adversely impact the viability of our suppliers and contract manufacturers.  This situation may be exacerbated during any period of economic recovery or a competitive environment.  Any inability to obtain adequate deliveries or any other circumstance that would require us to seek alternative sources of supply or to manufacture, assemble and test such components internally could significantly delay our ability to ship our products, which could damage relationships with current and prospective customers and could harm our reputation and brand as well as our operating results.
CONTENT_17:
Our GNSS technology is dependent on the use of satellite signals and on terrestrial communication bands.  International allocations of radio frequency are made by the International Telecommunications Union (ITU), a specialized technical agency of the United Nations.  These allocations are further governed by radio regulations that have treaty status and which may be subject to modification every two to three years by the World Radio Communication Conference.  Each country also has regulatory authority over how each band is used in the country.  In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration share responsibility for radio frequency allocations and spectrum usage regulations.Any ITU or local reallocation of radio frequency bands, including frequency band segmentation and sharing of spectrum, or other modifications of the permitted uses of relevant frequency bands, may materially and adversely affect the utility and reliability of our products and have significant negative impacts on our customers, both of which could reduce demand for our products.  For example, the FCC has been considering proposals to repurpose spectrum adjacent to the GPS bands for terrestrial broadband wireless operations throughout the United States.  If the FCC were to permit implementation of such proposals, or similar proposals, terrestrial broadband wireless operations could create harmful interference to GPS receivers within range of such operations and impose costs to retrofit or replace affected receivers.  Similarly, other countries have considered proposals for use of frequencies used by our products as well as adjacent bands that could cause harmful interference to our products.  Many of our products use other radio frequency bands, such as the public land mobile radio bands, together with the GNSS signal, to provide enhanced GNSS capabilities, such as real-time kinematics precision.  The continuing availability of these non-GNSS radio frequencies is essential to provide enhanced GNSS products to our precision survey, agriculture, and construction machine controls markets.  In addition, transmissions and emissions from other services and equipment operating in adjacent frequency bands or in-band may impair the utility and reliability of our products.  Any regulatory changes in spectrum allocation or in allowable operating conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
CONTENT_18:
GNSS technology, GPS satellites and their ground support systems are complex electronic systems subject to electronic and mechanical failures and possible intentional disruption.  Many of the GPS satellites currently in orbit were originally designed to have lives of 7.5 years and are subject to damage by the hostile space environment in which they operate.  However, of the current deployment of 30 operational satellites in orbit, five have been in operation for more than 15 years, and over half have been in use for more than 7.5 years.  Repair of damaged or malfunctioning satellites is currently not economically feasible.  If a significant number of satellites were to become inoperable, there could be a substantial delay before they are replaced with new satellites.  A reduction in the number of operating satellites below the 24-satellite standard established for GPS may impair the utility of the GPS system and the growth of current and additional market opportunities.  In addition, software updates to GPS satellites and ground control segments can cause problems, and we depend on public access to open technical specifications in advance of such updates to mitigate these problems.  22Table of ContentsAs the principal GNSS currently in operation, we are dependent on continued operation of GPS.  The GPS constellation is operated by the U. S. Government, which is committed to maintenance and improvement of GPS.  If supporting policies were to change, or if user fees were imposed, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.Many of our products also use signals from systems that augment GPS, such as the Wide Area Augmentation System and National Differential GPS System, and satellites transmitting signal corrections data on mobile satellite services frequencies utilized by our RTX corrections services.  Some of these augmentation systems are operated by the U.S. government and rely on continued funding and maintenance of these systems.  Any curtailment of the operating capability of these systems or limitations on access to, or use of the signals, or discontinuance of service could result in degradation of our services or product performance, with an adverse effect on our business.   Many of our products use satellite signals from the Russian GLONASS System.  Other countries, including China and India, are in the process of creating their own GNSS systems, and we either have developed or will develop products which use GNSS signals from these systems.  The European community is developing an independent radio navigation satellite system, known as Galileo.  National or European authorities may provide preferential access to signals to companies associated with their markets, including our competitors, which could harm our competitive position.  If we are unable to develop timely and competitive commercial products using these systems, or obtain timely and equal access to service signals, this could result in lost revenue.  These authorities may also adopt protectionist measures favoring national companies who make use of their GNSS systems, to the detriment of Trimble products using the US GPS system, which would harm our business.
CONTENT_19:
We market certain products that are subject to governmental and similar certifications before they can be sold.  For example, CE certification for radiated emissions is required for most GNSS receiver and data communications products sold in the European community.  In the future, U.S. governmental authorities may propose GPS receiver testing and certification for compliance with published GPS signal interface or other specifications.  An inability to obtain any such certifications in a timely manner could have an adverse effect on our operating results.  Governmental authorities may also propose other forms of GPS receiver performance standards, which may limit design alternatives, hamper product innovation or impose additional costs.  Some of our products that use integrated radio communication technology require product type certification and some products require an end-user to obtain licensing from the FCC for frequency-band usage.  These are secondary licenses that are subject to certain restrictions.  An inability or delay in obtaining such certifications or changes to the rules by the FCC could adversely affect our ability to bring our products to market which could harm our customer relationships and therefore, our operating results.  Any failure to obtain the requisite certifications could also harm our operating results.
CONTENT_20:
We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits.  Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.  Litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and the outcomes can be difficult to predict.  Management may not adequately reserve for a contingent liability, or may suffer unforeseen liabilities, which could then impact the results of a financial period.  A material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable final outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable which, if not expected, could harm our results of operations and financial condition.
CONTENT_21:
Generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, the SEC, and other bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles.  For example, in May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP.  This standard establishes a principle for recognizing revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services.  The standard also provides guidance on the recognition of costs related to obtaining and fulfilling customer contracts.  ASU 2014-09 is effective for fiscal 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.  Early adoption is not permitted.  We are currently in the process of assessing the adoption methodology, which allows the amendment to be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented, or with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application.  We are also evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements and have not determined whether the effect will be material.  Adoption of this standard, along with any other changes in accounting principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change.  Any difficulties in the implementation of new or changed accounting standards could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations.  Changes in applicable accounting standards could have a significant effect on our 23Table of Contentsreported financial results.  If our estimates relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions or judgments that change or prove to be incorrect, our operating results could fall below expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price.
CONTENT_22:
On November 24, 2014, we issued Senior Notes (Notes) due December 1, 2024 in an aggregate principal amount of $400.0 million.  The Notes accrue interest at a rate of 4.75% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on December 1 and June 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2015.  When the Notes mature, we will have to expend significant resources to repay these Notes or seek to refinance them.  If we decide to refinance the Notes, we may be required to do so on different or less favorable terms or we may be unable to refinance the Notes at all, both of which may adversely affect our financial condition.On November 24, 2014, we entered into a new five-year credit agreement with a group of lenders (the 2014 Credit Facility).  The 2014 Credit Facility provides for an unsecured revolving loan facility of $1.0 billion and a letter of credit sub-facility of up to $50.0 million.  Subject to the terms of the 2014 Credit Facility, the revolving loan facility may be increased and term loan facilities may be established in an amount of up to $500.0 million.  Upon entering into the 2014 Credit Facility, we borrowed $307.0 million under this revolving loan facility.  We also have two $75 million revolving credit facilities which are uncommitted and may be called by the lenders with very little notice (the Uncommitted Facilities).  At the end of fiscal 2014, our total debt was comprised primarily of Notes of $400.0 million, a revolving loan balance of $277.0 million under the 2014 Credit Facility and a revolving credit line balance of $57.0 million under the Uncommitted Facilities.  Our outstanding indebtedness could have important consequences, such as:&#8226;requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations and other capital resources to debt service, thereby reducing our ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate purposes, and other cash requirements, particularly if the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward,&#8226;increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions as compared to our competitors,&#8226;reducing our ability to make investments and acquisitions which support the growth of the company,&#8226;limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes and opportunities in, our industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage, and&#8226;limiting our ability to incur additional debt on acceptable terms, if at all.There are various financial covenants and other restrictions in our debt instruments.  If we fail to comply with any of these requirements, the related indebtedness (and other unrelated indebtedness) could become due and payable prior to its stated maturity, and we may not be able to repay the indebtedness that becomes due.  A default under our debt instruments may also significantly affect our ability to obtain additional or alternative financing.Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness will depend on our operating and financial performance, which in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors beyond our control.
CONTENT_23:
As a global company, we are subject to income and other taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required to determine and estimate worldwide tax liabilities. Our effective tax rate is largely based on the geographic mix of earnings, statutory rates, inter-company transfer pricing, and enacted tax laws. A number of factors may increase our future effective tax rates, including:&#8226;the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed,&#8226;the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with US and foreign tax authorities,&#8226;changes in the intercompany transfer pricing methodology&#8226;changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities,&#8226;increases in expense not deductible for tax purposes, including transaction costs and impairments of goodwill in connection with acquisitions,&#8226;changes in the realizability of available tax credits,&#8226;changes in share-based compensation,&#8226;changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws, and changes in generally accepted accounting principles, and&#8226;the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided for U.S. taxes.We are currently in various stages of multiple year examinations by federal, state, and foreign taxing authorities, including a review of our 2010 and 2011 tax years by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or IRS.  We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. If the IRS or the taxing authorities of any other jurisdiction were to successfully challenge a material tax position, we could become subject to higher taxes and our earnings would be adversely affected.24Table of Contents
CONTENT_24:
Acts of war, acts of terrorism or other circumstances of civil unrest, especially any directed at the GNSS signals or systems, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.  The threat of terrorism and war and heightened security and military response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism, may invoke a redeployment of the satellites used in GNSS or interruptions of the system.  Civil unrest, local conflict, or other political instability may adversely impact regional economies, cause work stoppages and limitations on foreign business transactions.  In 2014, political instability and conflict in Ukraine led to reduced sales in the regions and restrictions on sales to parts of this region.  To the extent that such interruptions result in delays or cancellations of orders, disruption of the manufacture or shipment of our products, or reduced demand for our products it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
CONTENT_25:
The SEC adopted its final rule implementing Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act concerning conflict minerals during August 2012.  The goal of the rule is to cut direct and indirect funding of groups engaged in armed conflict and human rights abuses.  We are committed to compliance with the SEC's Conflict Minerals Rule and support its intended objective.  This new rule requires us to: (1) determine whether conflict minerals (tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold or similar derivatives) are used in our products and, if so, determine if the minerals originated from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) or its immediately adjoining countries; and (2), if so, conduct due diligence regarding the source and chain of custody of these conflict minerals to determine whether the conflict minerals financed or benefitted armed groups.  The rule required us to submit forms and reports to the SEC by May 31, 2014 and annually thereafter that disclose our determinations and due diligence measures.Trimble does not directly purchase any conflicts minerals.  Tracing these materials back to their country of origin is a complex task that may require us to, among other things, survey suppliers in our supply chain to understand what programs they have in place for tracing the source of minerals supplied to us or used in products supplied to us and to ensure that reasonable due diligence has been performed.  Presently, we have not determined how many or if any of our supply chain partners use conflict minerals.  In addition to the increased administrative expense required to comply with the new requirements that apply to us, we may face a limited pool of suppliers who can provide us &#8220;conflict-free&#8221; components, parts and manufactured products, and we may not be able to obtain conflict-free products or supplies in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices for our operations, and may be required to disclose that our products are not &#8220;conflict free.&#8221;  This could adversely affect the Company&#8217;s reputation and may harm its relationships with business partners and customers, and our stock price could suffer as a result.</div
