HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A.      RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
HEADER_3:
We manage our business towards the achievement of long-term growth, which may not be consistent with the short-term expectations of some investors.
HEADER_4:
If we fail to manage our growth effectively, it could adversely affect our operating results and preclude us from achieving our strategic objectives. 
HEADER_5:
We have a limited operating history and limited experience selling our solutions. As a result of continuing investments across our organization to grow our business, we expect our financial results may fluctuate significantly for the foreseeable future.
HEADER_6:
Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our software solutions, breaches of our security controls or other unauthorized access to our customers’ data could result in liability or reputational harm to us, or cause us to lose customers, any of which could harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_7:
Service outages due to malicious activities or performance problems associated with our technology infrastructure could harm our reputation, adversely affect our ability to attract new customers and cause us to lose existing customers. 
HEADER_8:
We face a number of risks in our payment processing business that could adversely affect our business or operating results.
HEADER_9:
Evolution and expansion of our electronic payment services may subject us to additional risks and regulatory requirements.
HEADER_10:
Errors, defects or other disruptions in our software solutions could harm our reputation, cause us to lose customers, and result in significant expenditures to correct the problem.
HEADER_11:
Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and period-to-period comparisons of our results may not be meaningful.
HEADER_12:
Business management software for SMBs is a relatively new and developing market and, if the market is smaller than we estimate or develops more slowly than we expect, our operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_13:
Our estimates of market opportunity are subject to significant uncertainty and, even if the markets in which we compete meet or exceed our size estimates, we could fail to increase our revenue or market share.
HEADER_14:
 If we are unable to introduce successful enhancements, including new and innovative core functionality and Value+ services for our existing markets and verticals, or new products for adjacent markets or additional verticals, our operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_15:
Our business depends substantially on existing customers renewing their subscriptions with us and expanding their use of our Value+ services, and a decline in customer renewal rates, or failure to convince existing customers to adopt and utilize our Value+ services, could adversely impact our operating results.
HEADER_16:
We expect to continue to derive a significant portion of our revenue from our property manager customers, and factors resulting in a loss of these customers could adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_17:
Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties, and if we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining these relationships, our ability to compete in the market place or grow our revenue could be impaired.
HEADER_18:
We depend on data centers and computing infrastructure operated by third parties and any disruption in these operations could adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_19:
We use third-party service providers for important payment processing and reporting functions, and their failure to fulfill their contractual obligations could harm our reputation, disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_20:
Our platform must integrate with a variety of devices, operating systems and browsers that are developed by others, and if we are unable to ensure that our software solutions interoperate with such devices, operating systems and browsers, our software solutions may become less competitive, and our operating results may be harmed.
HEADER_21:
The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive and, if we do not compete effectively, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_22:
Pricing pressure may cause us to change our pricing model, which could hurt our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers, as well as our ability to increase adoption and usage of our Value+ services, which could adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_23:
If we lose key members of our management team, our business may be harmed.
HEADER_24:
Our corporate culture has contributed to our success and, if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the passion, creativity, teamwork, focus and innovation fostered by our culture.
HEADER_25:
We depend on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or hire additional qualified personnel, we may not be able to achieve our strategic objectives.
HEADER_26:
If we are unable to enter new verticals, or if our software solution for any new vertical fails to achieve market acceptance, our operating results could be adversely affected and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy.
HEADER_27:
We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, other companies or technologies, which could divert our management’s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations.
HEADER_28:
If our property manager customers stop requiring residents to provide proof of legal liability to landlord insurance, if insurance premiums decline or if insureds experience greater than expected losses, our operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_29:
Our insurance business is subject to state governmental regulation, which could limit the growth of our insurance business and impose additional costs on us.
HEADER_30:
All of our revenues are generated by sales to customers in our targeted verticals, and factors that adversely affect the applicable industry could also adversely affect us.
HEADER_31:
Our software solutions address functions within the heavily regulated real estate and legal markets, and our customers’ failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to litigation.
HEADER_32:
If we are unable to deliver effective customer service, it could harm our relationships with our existing customers and adversely affect our ability to attract new customers.
HEADER_33:
If we are unable to maintain and promote our brands, or to do so in a cost-effective manner, our ability to maintain and expand our customer base will be impaired, and our operating results could be adversely affected. 
HEADER_34:
If we are unable to increase sales of our software solutions to larger customers while mitigating the risks associated with serving such customers, our business and operating results may suffer.
HEADER_35:
Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions for our software solutions over the term of each subscription agreement, downturns or upturns in new business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results.
HEADER_36:
Because our invoicing is generally for periods less than one year, our revenue growth is heavily dependent on new subscription sales, consumption of our usage-based Value+ services and renewals of our subscription services in the current year.
HEADER_37:
Failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brands, which could harm our business.
HEADER_38:
We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights, which could cause us to incur significant expenses and require us to pay substantial damages.
HEADER_39:
Our software solutions contain both third-party and open source software, which may pose risks to our proprietary source code and/or introduce security vulnerabilities, and could have a negative impact on our business and operating results. 
HEADER_40:
Changes in laws and regulations related to the Internet or changes in the Internet infrastructure itself may diminish the demand for our software solutions, and could have a negative impact on our business.
HEADER_41:
Privacy and data security laws and regulations could impose additional costs on us and reduce the demand for our software solutions.
HEADER_42:
We may require additional capital to support our operations or the growth of our business, and we cannot be certain that this capital will be available on favorable terms when required, or at all.
HEADER_43:
Financing agreements that we are party to or may become party to may contain operating and financial covenants that restrict our business and financing activities. Failure to comply with these covenants, or other restrictions, could result in default under these agreements.
HEADER_44:
Because our long-term growth strategy involves expansion of our sales to customers outside the United States, our business will be susceptible to the risks associated with international operations.
HEADER_45:
If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired.
HEADER_46:
We are an emerging growth company and our decision to comply with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements could make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors.
HEADER_47:
Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited.
HEADER_48:
Tax laws or regulations could be enacted or changed and existing tax laws or regulations could be applied to us or to our customers in a manner that could increase the costs of our software solutions and adversely impact our operating results.
HEADER_49:
We may be subject to additional tax liabilities.
HEADER_50:
Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
HEADER_51:
Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock
HEADER_52:
The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders.
HEADER_53:
The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with a limited number of stockholders, including our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders, which will limit your ability to influence corporate matters.
HEADER_54:
We cannot predict the impact that our capital structure may have on our stock price.
HEADER_55:
Anti-takeover provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt.
HEADER_56:
Future sales of shares of our Class A common stock, or the perception that these sales could occur, could depress the market price of our Class A common stock.
HEADER_57:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, our market or our competitors, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock, the market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock could decline.
HEADER_58:
We do not expect to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future.
