HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry
HEADER_4:
If the IT security market does not continue to adopt our security platforms, our sales will not grow as quickly as anticipated, or at all, and our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed.
HEADER_5:
We have had operating losses each year since our inception, and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future.
HEADER_6:
We face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_7:
Real or perceived defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our products or services, the misconfiguration of our products, the failure of our products or services to block malware or prevent a security breach, or the failure of customers to take action on attacks identified by our products could harm our reputation and adversely impact our business, financial position and results of operations.
HEADER_8:
Our results of operations are likely to vary significantly from period to period, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline.
HEADER_9:
If we are unable to sustain revenue growth, we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future.
HEADER_10:
If we are unable to sell additional products, subscriptions and services, as well as renewals of our subscriptions and services, to our customers, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed.
HEADER_11:
Recent, past and future acquisitions and investments could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and operating results.
HEADER_12:
If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with our channel partners and technology alliance partners, or if our channel partners or technology alliance partners fail to perform, our ability to market, sell and distribute our platform will be limited, and our business, financial position and results of operations will be harmed.
HEADER_13:
Fluctuating economic conditions make it difficult to predict revenue for a particular period, and a shortfall in revenue may harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_14:
If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed.
HEADER_15:
If the general level of advanced cyber attacks declines, or is perceived by our current or potential customers to have declined, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_16:
Disruptions or other business interruptions that affect the availability of our Dynamic Threat Intelligence, or DTI, our Helix platform, or other cloud-based products and services we offer or may offer could adversely impact our customer relationships as well as our overall business.
HEADER_17:
Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our revenue.
HEADER_18:
We rely on our management team and other key employees and will need additional personnel to grow our business, and the loss of one or more key employees or our inability to attract, integrate, train and retain qualified personnel, including members for our board of directors, could harm our business.
HEADER_19:
If we do not effectively hire, integrate and train our direct sales force, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing customers, and our business will be adversely affected.
HEADER_20:
Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, our sales, billings and revenue are difficult to predict and may vary substantially from period to period, which may cause our results of operations to fluctuate significantly.
HEADER_21:
If we are unable to sell additional products, subscriptions and services, as well as renewals of our subscriptions and services, to our customers, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed.
HEADER_22:
We rely on revenue from subscriptions and service contracts, and because we recognize revenue from subscriptions and service contracts over the term of the relevant subscription or service period, downturns or upturns in sales are not immediately reflected in full in our results of operations.
HEADER_23:
The sales prices of our products, subscriptions and services may decrease, which may reduce our gross profits and adversely impact our financial results.
HEADER_24:
If we do not accurately anticipate and respond promptly to changes in our customers’ technologies, business plans or security needs, our competitive position and prospects could be harmed.
HEADER_25:
Our current research and development efforts may not produce successful products or enhancements to our platform that result in significant revenue, cost savings or other benefits in the near future, if at all.
HEADER_26:
If we are unable to increase sales of our platform to large organizations while mitigating the risks associated with serving such customers, our business, financial position and results of operations may suffer.
HEADER_27:
Reliance on shipments at the end of each quarter could cause our revenue for the applicable period to fall below expected levels.
HEADER_28:
Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other rights could harm our business.
HEADER_29:
Because we depend on a limited number of manufacturers to build the appliances used in our platform, we are susceptible to manufacturing delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping customer orders on time, or on a cost-effective basis, which may result in the loss of sales and customers.
HEADER_30:
We may be unable to protect our intellectual property adequately, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_31:
We incorporate technology from third parties into our products, and our inability to obtain or maintain rights to the technology could harm our business.
HEADER_32:
Our products and subscriptions contain third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to sell our products and subscriptions.
HEADER_33:
U.S. federal, state and local government sales are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business.
HEADER_34:
Our ability to maintain customer satisfaction depends in part on the quality of our professional service organization and technical and other support services, including the quality of the support provided on our behalf by certain channel partners. Failure to maintain high-quality customer support could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_35:
Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful.
HEADER_36:
Managing the supply of our products and their components is complex. Insufficient supply and inventory may result in lost sales opportunities or delayed revenue, while excess inventory may harm our gross margins.
HEADER_37:
Because some of the key components in our products come from limited sources of supply, we are susceptible to supply shortages or supply changes, which could disrupt or delay our scheduled product deliveries to our customers and may result in the loss of sales and customers.
HEADER_38:
If we fail to adequately protect personal information, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_39:
Our technology alliance partnerships expose us to a range of business risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results.
HEADER_40:
If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price.
HEADER_41:
We are exposed to the credit risk of some of our distributors, resellers and customers and to credit exposure in weakened markets, which could result in material losses.
HEADER_42:
Our failure to raise additional capital or generate the significant capital necessary to expand our operations and invest in new products could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business.
HEADER_43:
If our products do not effectively interoperate with our customers’ IT infrastructure, installations could be delayed or cancelled, which would harm our business.
HEADER_44:
We generate a significant amount of revenue from sales to resellers, distributors and customers outside of the United States, and we are therefore subject to a number of risks associated with international sales and operations.
HEADER_45:
Schrems v. Data Protection Commissioner
HEADER_46:
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_47:
Failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations could harm our business.
HEADER_48:
We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets.
HEADER_49:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism or armed conflicts.
HEADER_50:
If we fail to comply with environmental requirements, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be adversely affected.
HEADER_51:
The United States recently passed a comprehensive tax reform bill that could adversely affect our financial performance.
HEADER_52:
Uncertainties in the interpretation and application of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act could materially affect our tax obligations, effective tax rate and operating results. 
HEADER_53:
If we do not achieve increased tax benefits as a result of our corporate structure, our operating results and financial condition may be negatively impacted.
HEADER_54:
We could be subject to additional tax liabilities.
HEADER_55:
Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.
HEADER_56:
Risks Related to Our Convertible Senior Notes
HEADER_57:
We are leveraged financially, which could adversely affect our ability to adjust our business to respond to competitive pressures and to obtain sufficient funds to satisfy our future growth, business needs and development plans.
HEADER_58:
The conditional conversion feature of the convertible notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
HEADER_59:
The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the convertible notes, is subject to changes that could have a material effect on our reported financial results.
HEADER_60:
Conversion of our convertible notes will dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders and may depress the price of our common stock.
HEADER_61:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
HEADER_62:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_63:
We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future operating results, which would cause our stock price to decline
HEADER_64:
The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, and the value of your investment could decline.
HEADER_65:
Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets, or sales of our common stock by our executive officers and directors under Rule 10b5-1 plans, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_66:
The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans, conversion of our convertible notes or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders.
HEADER_67:
We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
HEADER_68:
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members.
HEADER_69:
We are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. We may not complete our analysis of our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or this internal control may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our Company and, as a result, the value of our common stock.
HEADER_70:
Our charter documents and Delaware law, as well as certain provisions of our convertible notes, could discourage takeover attempts and lead to management entrenchment, which could also reduce the market price of our common stock.
