HEADER_1:
If we are unsuccessful at addressing our business challenges, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected and our ability to invest in and grow our business could be limited.
HEADER_2:
Fluctuations in demand for our products and services are driven by many factors, and a decrease in demand for our products could adversely affect our financial results.
HEADER_3:
Our business depends on customers renewing their arrangements for maintenance, subscriptions, managed security services and SaaS offerings.
HEADER_4:
If we are unable to develop new and enhanced products and services that achieve widespread market acceptance, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing products and services or adapt our business model to keep pace with industry trends, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_5:
We operate in a highly competitive environment, and our competitors may gain market share in the markets for our products that could adversely affect our business and cause our revenues to decline.
HEADER_6:
Reduced trust in our SSL/TLS certificates could adversely affect our website security business.
HEADER_7:
Fluctuations in our quarterly financial results have affected the trading price of our outstanding securities in the past and could affect the trading price of outstanding securities in the future.
HEADER_8:
Our business models present execution and competitive risks.
HEADER_9:
We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. 
HEADER_10:
Defects, disruptions or risks related to the provision of our SaaS offerings could impair our ability to deliver our services and could expose us to liability, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise negatively impact our business. 
HEADER_11:
We collect, use, disclose, store or otherwise process personal information, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business.
HEADER_12:
Our acquisitions and divestitures create special risks and challenges that could adversely affect our future financial results.
HEADER_13:
If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively, or if our partners choose not to market and sell our products to their customers, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
HEADER_14:
Over the long term we intend to invest in research and development activities, and these investments may achieve delayed, or lower than expected, benefits which could harm our operating results.
HEADER_15:
Changes in industry structure and market conditions could lead to charges related to discontinuances of certain of our products or businesses and asset impairments.
HEADER_16:
Our inability to successfully recover from a disaster or other business continuity event could impair our ability to deliver our products and services and harm our business.
HEADER_17:
We may experience difficulties in realizing the expected benefits of the acquisition of Blue Coat and LifeLock and may continue to incur significant acquisition-related costs and transition costs in connection with these acquisitions. 
HEADER_18:
As a result of our acquisition of LifeLock, our Consumer Digital Safety segment became subject to increased regulation, which could impede our ability to market and provide our services or adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.
HEADER_19:
Any cost reduction initiatives that we undertake may not deliver the results we expect, and these actions may adversely affect our business.
HEADER_20:
Our international operations involve risks that could increase our expenses, adversely affect our operating results, and require increased time and attention of our management.
HEADER_21:
Our products are complex and operate in a wide variety of environments, systems, applications and configurations, which could result in errors or product failures.
HEADER_22:
If we fail to accurately predict our manufacturing requirements and manage our supply chain we could incur additional costs or experience manufacturing delays that could harm our business.
HEADER_23:
We are dependent on original design manufacturers, contract manufacturers and third-party logistics providers to design and manufacture our hardware-based products and to fulfill orders for our hardware-based products.
HEADER_24:
If we do not protect our proprietary information and prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of our products and technology, our financial results could be harmed.
HEADER_25:
From time to time we are a party to lawsuits and investigations, which typically require significant management time and attention and result in significant legal expenses, and which could, if not determined favorably, negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
HEADER_26:
Third parties claiming that we infringe their proprietary rights could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and prevent us from selling our products.
HEADER_27:
Adverse global economic events may impact our customers’ ability to do business with us, thereby harming our business, operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_28:
Our exposure to credit risk and payment delinquencies on our accounts receivable significantly increases in adverse economic conditions.
HEADER_29:
Our effective tax rate may increase, which could increase our income tax expense and reduce (increase) our net income (loss).
HEADER_30:
We cannot predict our future capital needs and we may be unable to obtain financing, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
HEADER_31:
Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, ability to hedge certain financial risks, borrowing costs and access to capital markets.
HEADER_32:
Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition.
HEADER_33:
Our existing credit agreements impose operating and financial restrictions on us.
HEADER_34:
We may not have sufficient cash flows from operating activities to service or repay our indebtedness and meet our other cash needs and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
HEADER_35:
Our software products, SaaS offerings and website may be subject to intentional disruption that could adversely impact our reputation and future sales.
HEADER_36:
Some of our products contain “open source” software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business.
HEADER_37:
If we are unable to adequately address increased customer demands through our technical support services, our relationships with our customers and our financial results may be adversely affected.
HEADER_38:
If we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, lose key personnel, fail to integrate replacement personnel successfully, or fail to manage our employee base effectively, we may be unable to develop new and enhanced products and services, effectively manage or expand our business, or increase our revenues.
HEADER_39:
Our contracts with the U.S. government include compliance, audit and review obligations. Any failure to meet these obligations could result in civil damages and/or penalties being assessed against us by the government.
