HEADER_1:
Changes in product demand can harm our results of operation and financial condition.
HEADER_2:
Demand for our products is variable and hard to predict.
HEADER_3:
We face significant competition.
HEADER_4:
Changes in the mix of products sold may harm our financial results.
HEADER_5:
We operate globally and are subject to significant risks in many jurisdictions.
HEADER_6:
Global or regional conditions may harm our financial results.
HEADER_7:
We may be affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
HEADER_8:
Catastrophic events or geopolitical conditions could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results.
HEADER_9:
We operate our own fabrication facilities and, as a result, are vulnerable to manufacturing-related risks. 
HEADER_10:
Due to the variability in demand for our products, we may be unable to timely respond to reduce costs when demand declines or to increase production when demand increases.
HEADER_11:
We are subject to risks associated with the development and implementation of new manufacturing process technology.
HEADER_12:
We face supply chain risks.
HEADER_13:
We are subject to the risks of product defects and errata.
HEADER_14:
We are subject to risks associated with environmental laws and regulations.
HEADER_15:
We are subject to IP risks and risks associated with litigation and regulatory proceedings.
HEADER_16:
We may be unable to enforce or protect our IP rights.
HEADER_17:
Our licenses with other companies and participation in industry initiatives may allow competitors to use our patent rights.
HEADER_18:
Third parties may assert claims based on IP rights against us or our products, which could harm our business.
HEADER_19:
We rely on access to third-party IP, which may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
HEADER_20:
We are subject to the risks associated with litigation and regulatory proceedings.
HEADER_21:
We must attract, retain, and motivate key employees. 
HEADER_22:
We are subject to cybersecurity and privacy risks.
HEADER_23:
Third parties might attempt to gain unauthorized access to our network or seek to compromise our products and services.
HEADER_24:
We may be subject to theft, loss, or misuse of personal data about our employees, customers, or other third parties, which could increase our expenses, damage our reputation, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings.
HEADER_25:
We are subject to risks associated with strategic transactions.
HEADER_26:
We invest in companies for strategic reasons and may not realize a return on our investments.
HEADER_27:
Our acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions could fail to achieve strategic objectives, disrupt our ongoing business and harm our results of operations.
HEADER_28:
We are subject to sales-related risks.
HEADER_29:
We face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties.
HEADER_30:
We face risks related to business transactions with U.S. government entities.
HEADER_31:
Our results of operations could vary as a result of the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying accounting policies. 
HEADER_32:
Changes in our effective tax rate may reduce our net income. 
HEADER_33:
We may have fluctuations in the amount and frequency of our stock repurchases. 
HEADER_34:
Workforce restructuring actions may be disruptive to our operations and adversely affect our financial results. 
HEADER_35:
There are inherent limitations on the effectiveness of our controls. 
