HEADER_1:
TEM 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
If we fail to penetrate new markets, our revenue and financial condition could be harmed.
HEADER_3:
We do not have long-term supply contracts with our third-party manufacturing vendors, and they may not allocate sufficient capacity to us at r
HEADER_4:
easonable prices to meet future demands for our solutions.
HEADER_5:
If we are unable to manage 
HEADER_6:
any future growth, we may not be able to execute our business plan and our operating results could suffer.
HEADER_7:
We may experience difficulties demonstra
HEADER_8:
ting the value to customers of newer, higher priced and higher margin solutions if they believe existing solutions are adequate to meet end customer expectations.
HEADER_9:
our foundry vendors do not achieve satisfactory yields or quality, our reputation and customer relationships could be harmed.
HEADER_10:
Our failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to compete effectively or defend ourselves from litigation, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_11:
We are subject to governmental laws, regulations and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection
HEADER_12:
We, our customers and third-party contractors are subject to increasingly complex env
HEADER_13:
ironmental regulations and compliance with these regulations may delay or interrupt our operations and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_14:
Rapidly changing industry standards could make our video and image processing so
HEADER_15:
lutions obsolete, which would cause our operating results to suffer.
HEADER_16:
Some of our operations and a significant portio
HEADER_17:
n of our customers and our subcontractors are located outside of the United States, which subjects us to additional risks, including increased complexity and costs of managing international operations and geopolitical instability.
HEADER_18:
If our operations are interrupted, our business and reputation could suffer.
HEADER_19:
Changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our results.
HEADER_20:
We may be classified as a passive foreign investment company which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences for U.S. holders of our ordinary shares.
HEADER_21:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Ordinary Shares
HEADER_22:
Our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance and investor expectations, which would likely cause our stock price to decline.
HEADER_23:
Provisions of our memorandum and articles of association and Cayman Islands corporate law may discourage or prevent an acquisition of us which could adversely affect the value of our or
HEADER_24:
olders of our ordinary shares may have difficulty obtaining or enforcing a judgment against us because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands.
