CONTENT_1:
We currently derive and expect to continue to derive substantially all of our revenues from our Financial Close Management and Reconciliation Management solutions. As such, the continued growth in market demand for these solutions is critical to our continued success. We have recently introduced two new software solutions, Intercompany Hub and Insights, but cannot be certain that they will generate significant revenues. In addition, those solutions are designed to be used with our Financial Close Management and Reconciliation Management solutions and will not be sold independently. Accordingly, our business and financial results will be substantially dependent on a limited number of solutions.
If our relationships with technology vendors and business process outsourcers are not successful, our business and growth will be harmed.
We depend on, and anticipate that we will continue to depend on, various strategic relationships in order to sustain and grow our business. We have established strong relationships with technology vendors such as SAP and NetSuite to market our solutions to users of their ERP solutions, and professional services firms such as Deloitte and KPMG, and business process outsourcers such as Cognizant, Genpact and IBM to supplement delivery and implementation of our applications. We believe these relationships enable us to effectively market our solutions by offering a complementary suite of services. In particular, we have a strategic relationship with SAP to market our solution to users of SAP&#8217;s ERP solutions. Our solution is an SAP-endorsed business solution that integrates with SAP&#8217;s ERP solutions. Under our agreement with SAP, which we entered into in 2013, we pay SAP a fee based on a percentage of revenues from our new customers that use an SAP ERP system. We continue to pay SAP a fee for these customers over the term of their subscription agreements. For the year ended December 31, 2016, revenues from our customers that use an SAP ERP solution accounted for $20.7 million, or approximately 17%, of our total revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2015, revenues from our customers under this agreement accounted for $9.4&#160;million, or approximately 11%, of our total revenues. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining our relationship with SAP, or if we are unsuccessful in supporting or expanding our relationships with other companies, our business would be adversely affected.
Identifying, negotiating and documenting relationships with other companies require significant time and resources. Our agreements with technology vendors are typically limited in duration, non-exclusive, cancellable upon notice, and do not prohibit the counterparties from working with our competitors or from offering competing services. For example, our agreement with SAP can be terminated by either party upon six months&#8217; notice, and there is no assurance that our relationship with SAP will continue. If we are no longer an SAP-endorsed business solution, our business could be adversely affected. Our competitors may be effective in providing incentives to third parties to favor their products or services or to prevent or reduce subscriptions to our platform. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our operating results would suffer. Even if we are successful, we cannot assure you that these relationships will result in improved operating results.
If our security controls are breached or unauthorized, or inadvertent access to customer, employee or other confidential data is otherwise obtained, our software solutions may be perceived as insecure, we may lose existing customers or fail to attract new customers, our business may be harmed, and we may incur significant liabilities.
Use of our platform involves the storage, transmission and processing of our customers&#8217; proprietary data, including highly confidential financial information regarding their business and personal or identifying information regarding their customers or employees. Our platform is at risk for breaches as a result of third-party action, employee, vendor or contractor error, malfeasance, or other factors. If any unauthorized or inadvertent access to, or a security breach of, our platform occurs, or is believed to occur, such an event could result in the loss of data, loss of business, severe reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence, regulatory investigations and orders, litigation, indemnity obligations, damages for contract breach, or penalties for violation of applicable laws or regulations. Security breaches could also result in significant costs for remediation that may include liability for stolen assets or information and repair of system damage that may have been caused, incentives offered to customers or other business partners in an effort to maintain business relationships after a breach, and other liabilities.
19

 
We incur significant expenses to prevent security breaches, including deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees and engaging third-party experts and contractors. If a high profile security breach occurs with respect to another SaaS provider, our clients and potential clients may lose trust in the security of our platform or in the SaaS business model generally, which could adversely impact our ability to retain existing clients or attract new ones. Even in the absence of any security breach, customer concerns about security, privacy or data protection may deter them from using our platform for activities that involve personal or other sensitive information. Our errors and omissions insurance policies covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses may not be sufficient to compensate for all potential liability. Although we maintain cyber liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all.
Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period.&#160;&#160;From time to time, we experience cyber security events, including directed &#8220;phishing&#8221; attacks against our employees, web attacks and other information technology incidents that are typical for a SaaS company of our size. These threats continue to evolve and are difficult to predict due to advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography and new and sophisticated methods used by criminals, including phishing, social engineering or other illicit acts. There can be no assurances that our defensive measures will prevent cyber attacks, and any incidents could damage our brand and reputation and negatively impact our business.
Because data security is a critical competitive factor in our industry, we make numerous statements in our privacy policy and customer agreements, through our certifications to privacy standards and in our marketing materials, providing assurances about the security of our platform including detailed descriptions of security measures we employ. Should any of these statements be untrue or become untrue, even through circumstances beyond our reasonable control, we may face claims of misrepresentation or deceptiveness by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, state and foreign regulators and private litigants. Our errors and omissions insurance coverage covering security and privacy damages and claim expenses may not be sufficient to compensate for all liabilities.
Interruptions or performance problems associated with our software solutions, platform and technology may adversely affect our business and operating results.
Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our platform at any time. Our platform is proprietary, and we rely on the expertise of members of our engineering, operations and software development teams for its continued performance. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users accessing our platform simultaneously, denial of service attacks, or other security related incidents. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. Because of the seasonal nature of financial close activities, increasing complexity of our platform and expanding user population, it may become difficult to accurately predict and timely address performance and capacity needs during peak load times. If our platform is unavailable or if our users are unable to access it within a reasonable amount of time or at all, our business would be harmed. In addition, our infrastructure does not currently include the real-time mirroring of data. Therefore, in the event of any of the factors described above, or other failures of our infrastructure, customer data may be permanently lost. Our customer agreements typically include performance guarantees and service level standards that obligate us to provide credits in the event of a significant disruption in our platform. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results may be adversely affected.
If our software contains serious errors or defects, we may lose revenue and market acceptance and may incur costs to defend or settle product liability claims.
Complex software such as ours often contains errors or defects, particularly when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. Despite internal and third-party testing and testing by our customers, our current and future software may contain serious defects, which could result in lost revenue or a delay in market acceptance.
20

 
Since our customers use our platform for critical business functions, such as assisting in the financial close or account reconciliation process, errors, defects or other performance problems could result in damage to our customers. They could seek significant compensation from us for the losses they suffer. Although our customer agreements typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to product liability claims, existing or future laws or unfavorable judicial decisions could negate these limitations. Even if not successful, a product liability claim brought against us would likely be time-consuming and costly and could seriously damage our reputation in the marketplace, making it harder for us to sell our products.
We depend on our executive officers and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain highly-skilled employees could adversely affect our business.
Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key employees. We rely on our leadership team in the areas of research and development, operations, security, marketing, sales, and general and administrative functions. In particular, our founder and Chief Executive Officer provides our strategic direction and has built and maintained what we believe is an attractive workplace culture. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our ability to recruit and retain personnel. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. Key members of our current management and finance teams have only been working together for a relatively short period of time. If we are not successful in integrating these key employees into our organization, such failure could disrupt our business operations. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers or other key personnel that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees, especially our founder and Chief Executive Officer, could have an adverse effect on our business.
In addition, to execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly-qualified personnel. Competition for personnel is intense, especially for engineers experienced in designing and developing software applications and experienced sales professionals. We have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached their legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. Likewise, if competitors hire our employees, we may divert time and resources to deterring any breach by our former employees or their new employers of their legal obligations. Given the competitive nature of our industry, we have both received and asserted such claims in the past. In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly-skilled employees. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected.
If our industry does not continue to develop as we anticipate or if potential customers do not continue to adopt our platform, our sales would not grow as quickly as expected, or at all, and our business and operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected.
We operate in a rapidly evolving industry focused on modernizing financial and accounting operations. Our solutions are relatively new and have been developed to respond to an increasingly global and complex business environment with more rigorous regulatory standards. If organizations do not increasingly allocate their budgets to financial automation software as we expect or if we do not succeed in convincing potential customers that our platform should be an integral part of their overall approach to their accounting processes, our sales may not grow as quickly as anticipated, or at all. Our business is substantially dependent on enterprises recognizing that accounting errors and inefficiencies are pervasive and are not effectively addressed by legacy solutions. Future deterioration in general economic conditions may also cause our customers to cut their overall information technology spending, and such cuts may disproportionately affect software solutions like ours to the extent customers view our solutions as discretionary. If our revenue does not increase for any of these reasons, or any other reason, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.
21
CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:
The market for accounting and financial software and services is highly competitive and rapidly evolving. Our competitors vary in size and in the breadth and scope of the products and services they offer. We often compete with other vendors of financial automation software such as Trintech. We also compete with large, well-established, enterprise application software vendors, such as Oracle, whose Hyperion software contains components that compete with our platform. In the future, a competitor offering ERP software could include a free service similar to ours as part of its standard offerings or may offer a free standalone version of a service similar to ours. Further, other established software vendors not currently focused on accounting and finance software and services may expand their services to compete with us.
Our competitors may have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established customer and marketing relationships, larger marketing budgets and significantly greater resources than we do. They may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, or customer requirements. In addition, some of our competitors have partnered with, or have acquired, and may in the future partner with or acquire, other competitors to offer services, leveraging their collective competitive positions, which makes, or would make, it more difficult to compete with them.
With the introduction of new technologies, the evolution of our platform and new market entrants, we expect competition to intensify in the future. Increased competition generally could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses, or the failure of our platform to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance, any of which could harm our business.
Our financial results may fluctuate due to our long and variable sales cycle.
Our sales cycle generally varies in duration between four to nine months and, in some cases, even longer depending on the size of the potential customer. The sales cycle for our global enterprise customers is generally longer than that of our mid-market customers. Factors that may influence the length and variability of our sales cycle include:




 

&#x2022;

the need to educate potential customers about the uses and benefits of our software solutions;




 

&#x2022;

the need to educate potential customers on the differences between traditional, on-premise software and SaaS solutions;




 

&#x2022;

the relatively long duration of the commitment customers make in their agreements with us;




 

&#x2022;

the discretionary nature and timing of potential customers&#8217; purchasing and budget cycles and decisions;




 

&#x2022;

the competitive nature of potential customers&#8217; evaluation and purchasing processes;




 

&#x2022;

announcements or planned introductions of new products by us or our competitors; and




 

&#x2022;

lengthy purchasing approval processes of potential customers.
We may incur higher costs and longer sales cycles as a result of large enterprises representing an increased portion of our revenue. In this market, the decision to subscribe to our solutions may require the approval of more technical and information security personnel and management levels within a potential customer&#8217;s organization, and if so, these types of sales require us to invest more time educating these potential customers. In addition, larger organizations may demand more features and integration services and have increased purchasing power and leverage in negotiating contractual arrangements with us, which may contain restrictive terms favorable to the larger organization. As a result of these factors, these sales opportunities may require us to devote greater research and development, sales, product support, and professional services resources to individual customers, resulting in increased costs and reduced profitability, and would likely lengthen our typical sales cycle, which could strain our resources.
In addition, more sales are closed in the last month of a quarter than other times. If we are unable to close sufficient transactions in a particular period, or if a significant amount of transactions are delayed until a subsequent period, our operating results for that period, and for any future periods in which revenue from such transaction would otherwise have been recognized, may be adversely affected.
22
CONTENT_4:
iscern.
We recognize subscription revenue from our platform ratably over the terms of our customers&#8217; agreements, most of which have one-year terms but an increasing number of which have up to three-year terms. As a result, most of the revenue we report in each quarter is derived from the recognition of deferred revenue relating to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any single quarter may have a small impact on our revenue results for that quarter. However, such a decline will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our platform, and potential changes in our pricing policies or rate of expansion or retention, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. We may also be unable to reduce our cost structure in line with a significant deterioration in sales. In addition, a significant majority of our costs are expensed as incurred, while revenue is recognized over the life of the agreement with our customer. As a result, increased growth in the number of our customers could continue to result in our recognition of more costs than revenue in the earlier periods of the terms of our agreements. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription term.
We previously identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting.  Although we believe these material weaknesses have since been remediated, we may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting in the future and may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and the price of our common stock.
As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and, beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December&#160;31, 2017, provide a management report on internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
During 2015, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. We identified a material weakness related to an insufficient complement of resources with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, experience and training commensurate with our corporate structure and financial reporting requirements. This lack of an effective control environment contributed to material weaknesses from the lack of controls over the selection of certain accounting policies and procedures and segregation of duties. Specifically, we did not have policies and controls designed to address the accounting for unusual or complex transactions, or the initial selection of, and the ongoing monitoring of changes in, accounting policies. Further, we did not maintain sufficiently designed segregation of duties including controls over journal entries such that there was a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
These material weaknesses contributed to the restatement and revision of the previously-issued 2013 financial statements and audit adjustments in the 2014 financial statements principally related to, but not limited to, the following areas: capitalization of internal use software costs, accounting for and valuation of warrants issued with our debt facility, cut-off of transactions at the 2013 Acquisition date, accounting for the new basis of accounting arising from the 2013 Acquisition, including the valuation of the fair value deferred revenue assumed at the 2013 Acquisition date, forecasting of contingent consideration and the determination of the useful lives of intangible assets.
In response to the identified material weaknesses, we took a number of actions to improve our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2016:




 

&#x2022;

We hired additional personnel in our accounting and finance department with extensive knowledge in accounting and financial reporting;




 

&#x2022;

We developed and implemented a financial reporting risk assessment and formalization of accounting policies and procedures;




 

&#x2022;

We created additional internal reporting procedures, including those designed to enhance our review processes;




 

&#x2022;

We increased segregation of duties, including controls over journal entries;
23

 




 

&#x2022;

We organized and implemented a Disclosure Committee to review our transactions each quarter with key management and operational personnel, which includes the review and discussion of unusual, complex and non-routine transactions; and




 

&#x2022;

We prepared memoranda addressing accounting considerations of significant new transactions, which was reviewed by the principal accounting officer.
Our management believes that these and other actions taken during the year ended December 31, 2016 have been fully implemented and are operating effectively. As a result, we have concluded that our remediation efforts have been successful, and that the previously-identified material weaknesses in our internal controls have been remediated. However, we cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and are continuing to implement, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to identify or prevent future material weaknesses. If other material weaknesses or other deficiencies occur, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial position could be impaired, which could possibly result in a material misstatement of our financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
The process of designing and implementing internal control over financial reporting required to comply with Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will be time consuming, costly and complicated. If, during the evaluation and testing process, we identify one or more other material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, our management will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. Even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may conclude that there are material weaknesses with respect to our internal controls or the level at which our internal controls are documented, designed, implemented, or reviewed. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or when required in the future, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected, and we could become subject to litigation or investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources.
We rely on a limited number of data centers to deliver our cloud-based software solutions and any disruption of service at these centers could harm our business.
We manage our software solutions and serve most of our customers using a cloud-based infrastructure that is operated by a limited number of third-party data center facilities in North America and Europe. We do not control the operation of these facilities. Any changes in third-party service levels at our data centers or any disruptions or delays from errors, defects, hacking incidents, security breaches, computer viruses or other intentional bad acts or performance problems could harm our reputation, damage our customers&#8217; businesses and adversely affect our business and operating results. Our data centers are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, war, terrorist attacks, power losses, hardware failures, systems failures, telecommunications failures, and similar events. If our data centers were compromised or unavailable or our users were unable to access our solutions for any reason, our business and operations would be materially and adversely affected.
Our customers have experienced minor disruptions and outages in accessing our solutions in the past, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages and other performance problems. Although we expend considerable effort to ensure that our platform performance is capable of handling existing and increased traffic levels, the ability of our cloud-based solutions to effectively manage any increased capacity requirements depends on our third-party providers. Our third-party data center providers may not be able to meet such performance requirements, especially to cover peak levels or spikes in traffic and, as a result, our customers may experience delays in accessing our solutions or encounter slower performance in our solutions, which could significantly harm the operations of these facilities. Interruptions in our services might reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits to customers, subject us to potential liability, and cause customers to terminate their subscriptions or harm our renewal rates.
If we do not accurately predict our infrastructure capacity requirements, our customers could experience service shortfalls. The provisioning of additional cloud hosting capacity and data center infrastructure requires lead time. As we continue to add data centers, restructure our data management plans and increase capacity in existing and future data centers, we may move or transfer our data and our customers&#8217; data. For example, in early 2016, we began hosting customers at a data facility located in Las Vegas, Nevada. Despite precautions taken during such processes and procedures, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our service, and we may experience costs or 
24

 
downtime in connection with the transfer of data to other facilities which may lead to, among other things, customer dissatisfaction and non-renewals. The owners of our data center facilities have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, we may be required to transfer to new data center facilities, and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing so.
Failure to effectively expand our sales capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base.
Increasing our customer base and sales will depend, to a significant extent, on our ability to effectively expand our sales and marketing operations and activities. We are substantially dependent on our direct sales force to obtain new customers. From January&#160;1, 2014 to December 31, 2016, our sales and marketing teams increased from 68 to 281 employees. We plan to continue to expand our direct sales force both domestically and internationally. We believe that there is significant competition for experienced sales professionals with the sales skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth in the future will depend, in part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining a sufficient number of experienced sales professionals. New hires require significant training and time before they achieve full productivity, particularly in new sales segments and territories. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become as productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the future in the markets where we do business. Our business will be harmed if our sales expansion efforts do not generate a significant increase in revenue.
If we are unable to develop and maintain successful relationships with resellers, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
We believe that continued growth in our business is dependent upon identifying, developing and maintaining strategic relationships with companies that resell our solutions. We plan to expand our small but growing network of resellers and to add new resellers, in particular to help grow our mid-market business globally. Our agreements with our existing resellers are non-exclusive, meaning resellers may offer customers the products of several different companies, including products that compete with ours. They may also cease marketing our solutions with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty. We expect that any additional resellers we identify and develop will be similarly non-exclusive and not bound by any requirement to continue to market our solutions. If we fail to identify additional resellers, in a timely and cost-effective manner, or at all, or are unable to assist our current and future resellers in independently selling our solutions, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. If resellers do not effectively market and sell our solutions, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, our reputation and ability to grow our business may also be adversely affected.
If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected.
We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation for accounting and finance software is critical to our relationships with our existing customers and to our ability to attract new customers. The successful promotion of our brand attributes will depend on a number of factors, including our marketing efforts, our ability to continue to develop high-quality software and our ability to successfully differentiate our platform from competitive products and services. Our brand promotion activities may not ultimately be successful or yield increased revenue. In addition, independent industry analysts provide reviews of our platform, as well as products and services offered by our competitors, and perception of our platform in the marketplace may be significantly influenced by these reviews. If these reviews are negative, or less positive as compared to those of our competitors&#8217; products and services, our brand may be adversely affected.
The promotion of our brand requires us to make substantial expenditures, and we anticipate that the expenditures will increase as our market becomes more competitive, as we expand into new markets and as more sales are generated. To the extent that these activities yield increased revenue, this revenue may not offset the increased expenses we incur. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand, our business may not grow, we may have reduced pricing power relative to competitors, and we could lose customers or fail to attract potential customers, all of which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
25
CONTENT_5:

CONTENT_6:
We currently maintain offices and/or have sales personnel in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Malaysia, Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, and the United Kingdom, and we intend to build out our international operations. As part of our ongoing international expansion strategy, in August 2016, we acquired Runbook, a Netherlands-based provider of financial close automation software solutions to SAP customers. We derived approximately 16% and 14% of our revenues from sales outside the United States in the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Any international expansion efforts that we may undertake, including the Runbook Acquisition, may not be successful. In addition, conducting international operations in new markets subjects us to new risks that we have not generally faced in the United States. These risks include:




 

&#x2022;

localization of our solutions, including translation into foreign languages and adaptation for local practices and regulatory requirements;




 

&#x2022;

lack of familiarity and burdens of complying with foreign laws, legal standards, regulatory requirements, tariffs, and other barriers;




 

&#x2022;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, taxes, trade laws, tariffs, export quotas, custom duties, or other trade restrictions;




 

&#x2022;

differing technology standards;




 

&#x2022;

longer accounts receivable payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable;




 

&#x2022;

difficulties in managing and staffing international operations and differing employer/employee relationships;




 

&#x2022;

fluctuations in exchange rates that may increase the volatility of our foreign-based revenue;




 

&#x2022;

potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value-added tax (or other tax) systems and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings;




 

&#x2022;

uncertain political and economic climates, including the significant volatility in the global financial markets; and




 

&#x2022;

reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries.
These factors may cause our international costs of doing business to exceed our comparable domestic costs. Operating in international markets also requires significant management attention and financial resources. Any negative impact from our international business efforts could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition as a whole.
In addition, the President of the United States and Congress have proposed, formally or informally, various changes, including regulatory and tax reform that would have uncertain and potentially adverse effects on our business.
We use third-party contractors outside of the United States to supplement our research and development capabilities, which may expose us to risks, including risks inherent in foreign operations.
We use third-party contractors outside of the United States to supplement our research and development capabilities. We currently use third-party contractors located in Romania and China. Managing operations that are remote from our U.S. headquarters is difficult and we may not be able to manage these third-party contractors successfully. If we fail to maintain productive relationships with these contractors generally, we may be required to develop our solutions in a less efficient and cost-effective manner and our product release schedules may be delayed while we hire software developers or find alternative contract development resources. Additionally, while we take precautions to ensure that software components developed by our third-party contractors are reviewed and that our source code is protected, misconduct by our third-party contractors could result in infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property. Furthermore, any acts of espionage, malware attacks, theft of confidential information, or other malicious cyber incidents attributed to our third-party contractors may compromise our system infrastructure, expose us to litigation and lead to reputational harm that could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
26
CONTENT_7:
Our success and ability to compete depend, in part, upon our intellectual property. We currently have one patent application, which may not result in an issued patent. We primarily rely on copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, trade secret protection, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, customers, partners, and others to protect our intellectual property rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate.
In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. In the past, we have utilized demand letters as a means to assert and resolve claims regarding potential misuse of our proprietary or trade secret information. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management, and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our failure to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our brand and adversely impact our business.
Suits by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights could cause us to incur significant expenses or liabilities.
There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our future success depends, in part, on not infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. From time to time, our competitors or other third parties may claim that our solutions and underlying technology infringe or violate their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon such rights. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may cover some or all of our technology. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our solutions or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers or other companies in connection with any such litigation and to obtain licenses, modify our solutions or refund subscription fees, which could further exhaust our resources. In addition, we may incur substantial costs to resolve claims or litigation, whether or not successfully asserted against us, which could include payment of significant settlement, royalty or license fees, modification of our solutions, or refunds to customers of subscription fees. Even if we were to prevail in the event of claims or litigation against us, any claim or litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and other employees from our business operations. Such disputes could also disrupt our solutions, adversely impacting our customer satisfaction and ability to attract customers.
We use open source software in our products, which could subject us to litigation or other actions.
We use open source software in our products and may use more open source software in the future. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the use of open source software against companies that incorporate open source software into their products. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming misuse of, or a right to compensation for, what we believe to be open source software. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our products. In addition, if we were to combine our proprietary software products with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain of the open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software products. If we inappropriately use open source software, we may be required to re-engineer our products, discontinue the sale of our products or take other remedial actions.
Privacy and data security concerns, and data collection and transfer restrictions and related domestic or foreign regulations, may limit the use and adoption of our solutions and adversely affect our business.
Personal privacy, information security, and data protection are significant issues in the United States, Europe and many other jurisdictions where we offer our platform. The regulatory framework governing the collection, processing, storage, and use of business information, particularly information that affects financial statements and personal data, is rapidly evolving and any failure or perceived failure to comply with applicable privacy, security or data protection laws or regulations may adversely affect our business.
27

 
The U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed requirements regarding the collection, distribution, use, security, and storage of personally identifiable information and other data relating to individuals, and federal and state consumer protection laws are being applied to enforce regulations related to the online collection, use and dissemination of data. Some of these requirements include obligations on companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving particular personal information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or by organizations with which we have formed strategic relationships. Even though we may have contractual protections with such organizations, notifications related to a security breach could impact our reputation, harm customer confidence, hurt our expansion into new markets, or cause us to lose existing customers.
Further, many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the European Union, or EU, where we conduct business and have offices, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personal data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdiction. These laws and regulations often are more restrictive than those in the United States. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure, and security of data that identifies or may be used to identify or locate an individual, such as names, email addresses and, in some jurisdictions, Internet Protocol, or IP, addresses. With regard to data transfers of personal data from our European employees and customers to the United States, we historically relied on the U.S. Department of Commerce&#8217;s Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and compliance with the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks, as agreed to and set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the European Union and Switzerland, which established means for legitimizing the transfer of personal data by companies doing business in Europe from the EU to the U.S. As a result of the October 6, 2015 European Court of Justice opinion in Case C-362/14 (Schrems v. Data Protection Commissioner) or, the ECJ Ruling, the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework was deemed an invalid method of compliance with EU restrictions on data transfers. We have taken certain measures to legitimize our transfers of personal data, both internally and on behalf of our customers, from the EU to the United States in the wake of the ECJ Ruling. Additionally, EU and U.S. political authorities adopted the U.S. EU Privacy Shield on July 12, 2016, which may provide a new mechanism for companies to transfer EU personal data to the United States. It is unclear at this time whether the U.S. EU Privacy Shield will serve as an appropriate means for us to transfer EU personal data from the EU to the United States.&#160;&#160;Our means for transferring personal data from the EU may not be adopted by all of our customers and may be subject to legal challenge by data protection authorities, and we may experience reluctance or refusal by European customers to use our solutions due to potential risk exposure as a result of the ECJ Ruling. We and our customers face a risk of enforcement actions taken by EU data protection authorities regarding data transfers from the EU to the United States.
We also expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the United States, the EU and other jurisdictions. For example, the European Commission recently adopted a General Data Protection Regulation, effective in May 2018, that will supersede current EU data protection legislation, impose more stringent EU data protection requirements and provide for greater penalties for noncompliance. We cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. Such laws and regulations are often subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. These and other requirements could reduce demand for our service, increase our costs, impair our ability to grow our business, or restrict our ability to store and process data or, in some cases, impact our ability to offer our service in some locations and may subject us to liability. Further, in view of new or modified federal, state or foreign laws and regulations, industry standards, contractual obligations, and other legal obligations, or any changes in their interpretation, we may find it necessary or desirable to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or to expend significant resources to modify our software or platform and otherwise adapt to these changes. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to develop new products and features could be limited.
Further, following a referendum in June 2016 in which voters in the United Kingdom approved an exit from the EU, it is expected that the United Kingdom government will initiate a process to leave the EU (often referred to as &#8220;Brexit&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The Brexit has created uncertainty with regard to the regulation of data protection in the United Kingdom.&#160;&#160;In particular, it is unclear whether the United Kingdom will enact data protection laws or regulations designed to be consistent with the pending EU General Data Protection Regulation and how data transfers to and from the United Kingdom will be regulated.
Our customers also expect that we comply with regulatory standards that may place additional burdens on us. Our customers expect us to meet voluntary certifications or adhere to standards established by third parties, such as the SSAE 16, SOC1 and SOC2 audit processes, and may demand that they be provided a report from our auditors that we are in compliance. If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could adversely affect our customers&#8217; demand for our service and could harm our business.
28

 
The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our service and reduce overall demand for it, or lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for any noncompliance. Privacy, information security and data protection concerns, whether valid or not valid, may inhibit market adoption of our platform, particularly in certain industries and foreign countries.
We depend and rely upon SaaS applications from third parties to operate our business and interruptions or performance problems with these technologies may adversely affect our business and operating results.
We rely heavily on SaaS applications from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including billing and order management, enterprise resource planning and financial accounting services. If these services become unavailable due to extended outages, interruptions or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage finances could be interrupted and our processes for managing sales of our solutions and supporting our customers could be impaired until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained and implemented, all of which could adversely affect our business.
We rely on third-party computer hardware and software that may be difficult to replace or which could cause errors or failures of our software solutions.
We rely on computer hardware purchased or leased and software licensed from third parties in order to deliver our software solutions. This hardware and software may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Any loss of the right to use any of this hardware or software could result in delaying or preventing our ability to provide our software solutions until equivalent technology is either developed by us or, if available, identified, obtained and integrated. In addition, errors or defects in third-party hardware or software used in our software solutions could result in errors or a failure, which could damage our reputation, impede our ability to provide our platform or process information, and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that could harm our results of operations.
We conduct transactions, particularly intercompany transactions, in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the British pound and the Euro. As we grow our international operations, we expect the amount of our revenues that are denominated in foreign currencies to increase in the future. Accordingly, changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could affect our revenue and operating results due to transactional and translational remeasurements that are reflected in our results of operations. As a result of such foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, it could be more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and results of operations. In addition, to the extent that fluctuations in currency exchange rates cause our results of operations to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected.
Additionally, as a result of Brexit, global markets and foreign currencies were adversely impacted.&#160;&#160;In particular, the value of the British pound declined as compared to the U.S. dollar and other currencies.&#160;&#160;This volatility in foreign currencies is expected to continue as the U.K. negotiates and executes its exit from the European Union, but it is uncertain over what time period this will occur.&#160;&#160;A significantly weaker British pound compared to the U.S. dollar could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We do not currently maintain a program to hedge transactional exposures in foreign currencies. However, in the future, we may use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments.
We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets due to licensing requirements and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws.
Our solutions are subject to export controls, including the Commerce Department&#8217;s Export Administration Regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations established by the Treasury Department&#8217;s Office of Foreign Assets Controls. Obtaining the necessary authorizations, including any required license, for a particular export or sale may be time-consuming, is not guaranteed and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. The U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions laws prohibit the export, re-export or transfer of specific products and services to 
29

 
U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and persons. Even though we take precautions to prevent our solutions from being provided to U.S. sanctions targets, our solutions could be sold by resellers or could be used by persons in sanctioned countries despite such precautions. Failure to comply with the U.S. export control, sanctions and import laws could have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. We and our employees could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export or import privileges, fines, and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. In addition, if our resellers fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or authorizations, we may also be adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties.
In addition, various countries regulate the import of encryption technology, including through import permitting/licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our solutions or could limit our customers&#8217; ability to implement or access our solutions in those countries. Changes in our solutions or changes in export, sanctions and import regulations may create delays in the introduction and sale of our solutions in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from accessing our solutions or, in some cases, preventing the export or import of our solutions to some countries, governments or persons altogether. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related laws, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our solutions, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our solutions to existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our solutions or limitation on our ability to export or sell our solutions would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such transactions.
On August 31, 2016, we completed the Runbook Acquisition. We expect to evaluate and consider potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies, services, products, and other assets in the future. We also may enter into relationships with other businesses to expand our products and services, which could involve preferred or exclusive licenses, additional channels of distributions or discount pricing.
The Runbook Acquisition or any future acquisition, investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products, personnel, or operations of the acquired companies, such as Runbook, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired company choose not to work for us, their software is not easily adapted to work with our platform, or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in ownership, management or otherwise. In addition, Runbook offers an on-premise solution to its customers. If we are unable to migrate those customers to our cloud solution or if we are unable to integrate Runbook&#8217;s on-premise software with our platform, our business may be adversely affected. Acquisitions may also disrupt our business, divert our resources and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our existing business. Moreover, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, investment or business relationship may not be realized or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities.
Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult and expensive, and our ability to complete these transactions may often be subject to approvals that are beyond our control. Consequently, these transactions, even if announced, may not be completed. For one or more of those transactions, we may:




 

&#x2022;

issue additional equity securities that would dilute our existing stockholders;




 

&#x2022;

use cash that we may need in the future to operate our business;




 

&#x2022;

incur large charges or substantial liabilities;




 

&#x2022;

incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay;




 

&#x2022;

encounter difficulties retaining key employees of the acquired company or integrating diverse software codes or business cultures; and




 

&#x2022;

become subject to adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation and amortization or deferred compensation charges.
30
CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:
The accounting rules and regulations that we must comply with are complex and subject to interpretation by the FASB, the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. Recent actions and public comments from the FASB and the SEC have focused on the integrity of financial reporting and internal controls. In addition, many companies&#8217; accounting policies are being subject to heightened scrutiny by regulators and the public. Further, the accounting rules and regulations are continually changing in ways that could materially impact our financial statements. For example, in May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2014-09,
CONTENT_10:
(Topic 606), as amended, which will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance. Although the new standard permits early adoption as early as January 1, 2017, the effective date of the new revenue standard is January 1, 2018.  The new standard permits adoption either by using (i) a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period of adoption or (ii) a modified retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures. We will adopt the new revenue guidance in the first quarter of 2018 though we have not yet determined whether to adopt using a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach.&#160; We are currently assessing the impact of the new revenue guidance on our arrangements.  We currently believe that the new guidance will impact the amount and timing of incremental costs of obtaining a contract, such as sales commissions.  We generally do not pay sales commissions upon contract renewal and therefore, under the new revenue guidance, the sales commissions will be recognized over an estimated customer life rather than over the non-cancelable term under current guidance.  The new guidance is also expected to impact our arrangements subject to current software revenue recognition guidance and also require incremental disclosures of our revenue arrangements.  We have not yet quantified the impact of these changes.  Adoption of this standard will also require changes to our business processes, systems and controls to support the new revenue recognition guidance.  We are in the process of identifying such changes.
We cannot predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles or our accounting policies on our financial statements going forward, which could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of the change. In addition, if we were to change our critical accounting estimates, including those related to the recognition of license revenue and other revenue sources, our operating results could be significantly affected.
Incorrect or improper implementation or use of our solutions could result in customer dissatisfaction and negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects.
Our platform is deployed in a wide variety of technology environments and into a broad range of complex workflows. Our platform has been integrated into large-scale, enterprise-wide technology environments, and specialized use cases, and our success depends on our ability to implement our platform successfully in these environments. We often assist our customers in implementing our platform, but many customers attempt to implement even complex deployments themselves or use a third-party service firm. If we or our customers are unable to implement our platform successfully, or are unable to do so in a timely manner, customer perceptions of our platform and company may be impaired, our reputation and brand may suffer, and customers may choose not to renew or expand the use of our platform.
Our customers and third-party resellers may need training in the proper use of our platform to maximize its potential. If our platform is not implemented or used correctly or as intended, including if customers input incorrect or incomplete financial data into our platform, inadequate performance may result. Because our customers rely on our platform to manage their financial close and other financial tasks, the incorrect or improper implementation or use of our platform, our failure to train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our platform, or our failure to provide adequate product support to our customers, may result in negative publicity or legal claims against us. Also, as we continue to expand our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services will likely result in lost opportunities for additional subscriptions to our platform.
31
CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:
In deploying and using our solutions, our customers depend on our support services team to resolve complex technical and operational issues. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for product support. We also may be unable to modify the nature, scope and delivery of our product support to compete with changes in product support services provided by our competitors. Increased customer demand for product support, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. Our sales are highly dependent on our business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality product support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality product support, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our solutions to existing and prospective customers, our business, operating results, and financial position.
If the market for SaaS solutions develops more slowly than we expect or declines, our business would be adversely affected.
The market for SaaS solutions is less mature than the market for on-premise software applications, and the adoption rate of SaaS solutions may be slower at companies in industries with heightened data security interests or business practices requiring highly customizable application software. Many organizations have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate traditional on-premise solutions into their businesses, and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to purchase SaaS solutions. In addition, some organizations have been reluctant to use cloud-based solutions because they have concerns regarding the risks associated with the reliability or security of the technology delivery model associated with these solutions. Because our solutions involve the aggregation, storage and use of confidential information and related data, including highly confidential financial data, some customers may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate to our cloud-based solutions.
It is difficult to predict customer adoption rates and demand for our software solutions, the future growth rate and size of the market or the entry of competitive products or services. The expansion of the SaaS solutions market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with SaaS, as well as the ability of SaaS providers to address data security and privacy concerns. Government agencies have adopted, or may adopt, laws and regulations regarding the collection and use of personal information obtained from consumers and other individuals, or may seek to access information on our platform, either of which may reduce the overall demand for our platform. If we or other SaaS providers experience data security incidents, loss of customer data, disruptions in delivery, or other problems, the market for SaaS solutions, including our platform, may be negatively affected. If SaaS solutions do not continue to achieve market acceptance, or there is a reduction in demand for SaaS solutions caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, data security or privacy concerns, governmental regulation, competing technologies and products, or decreases in information technology spending, it would result in decreased revenue and our business would be adversely affected.
Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results.
Our operating results may vary based on the impact of changes in our industry or the global economy on us or our customers. The revenue growth and potential profitability of our business depend on demand for business software applications and services generally and for accounting and finance systems in particular. Weak economic conditions affect the rate of accounting and finance and information technology spending and could adversely affect our customers&#8217; or potential customers&#8217; ability or willingness to purchase our cloud platform, delay purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscription contracts, or affect attrition rates, all of which could adversely affect our operating results. If economic conditions deteriorate, our customers and prospective customers may elect to decrease their accounting and finance and information technology budgets, which would limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results.
32
CONTENT_13:
ness.
The future success of our business depends upon the continued use of the internet as a primary medium for commerce, communication and business applications. Federal, state or foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws or regulations affecting the use of the internet as a commercial medium. Regulators in some industries have also adopted, and may in the future adopt, regulations or interpretive positions regarding the use of SaaS and cloud computing solutions. For example, some financial services regulators have imposed guidelines for the use of cloud computing services that mandate specific controls or require financial services enterprises to obtain regulatory approval prior to utilizing such software. Changes in these laws or regulations could require us to modify our solutions in order to comply with these changes. In addition, government agencies or private organizations have imposed and may impose additional taxes, fees or other charges for accessing the internet or commerce conducted via the internet. These laws or charges could limit the growth of internet-related commerce or communications generally, or result in reductions in the demand for internet-based solutions and services such as ours. In addition, the use of the internet as a business tool could be adversely affected due to delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols to handle increased demands of internet activity, security, reliability, cost, ease-of-use, accessibility, and quality of service. The performance of the internet and its acceptance as a business tool has been adversely affected by &#8220;viruses,&#8221; &#8220;worms&#8221; and similar malicious programs and the internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damage to portions of its infrastructure. If the use of the internet is adversely affected by these issues, demand for our solutions could decline.
We provide service level commitments under our customer contracts, and if we fail to meet these contractual commitments, our revenues could be adversely affected.
Our customer agreements typically provide service level commitments. If we are unable to meet the stated service level commitments or suffer extended periods of unavailability for our applications, we may be contractually obligated to provide these customers with service credits, refunds for prepaid amounts related to unused subscription services, or we could face contract terminations. Our revenues could be significantly affected if we suffer unscheduled downtime that exceeds the allowed downtimes under our agreements with our customers. Any extended service outages could adversely affect our reputation, revenues and operating results.
Seasonality could cause our operating results and financial metrics to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and make them more difficult to predict.
We typically add fewer customers in the first quarter of the year than other quarters. We also experience a higher volume of sales at the end of each quarter and year, which is often the result of buying decisions by our customers. Seasonality may be reflected to a much lesser extent, and sometimes may not be immediately apparent, in our revenue, due to the fact that we recognize subscription revenue over the term of our agreements. We may also increase expenses in a period in anticipation of future revenues. Changes in the number of customers and users in different periods will cause fluctuations in our financial metrics and, to a lesser extent, revenues. Those changes and fluctuations in our expenses will affect our results on a quarterly basis and will make forecasting our future operating results and financial metrics difficult.
Our international operations subject us to potentially adverse tax consequences.
We report our taxable income in various jurisdictions worldwide based upon our business operations in those jurisdictions. Our intercompany relationships are subject to complex transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. The relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the value of assets sold or acquired or income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a disagreement were to occur, and our position were not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows, and lower overall profitability of our operations. We believe that our financial statements reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency, but there can be no assurances in that regard.
33
CONTENT_14:

CONTENT_15:

CONTENT_16:

CONTENT_17:

CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:

CONTENT_20:

CONTENT_21:

CONTENT_22:

CONTENT_23:
The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if industry analysts cease coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline.
Our amended and restated bylaws designate a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders&#8217; ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us.
Pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (1)&#160;any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2)&#160;any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3)&#160;any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, or (4)&#160;any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in all cases subject to the court&#8217;s having personal jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision. The forum selection clause in our amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers and may limit our stockholders&#8217; ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us.
 




Item 1B.

<font style="font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;"
