HEADER_1:
We derive substantially all of our revenues from a limited number of software solutions, and our future growth is dependent on their success.
HEADER_2:
The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively
HEADER_3:
, our operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_4:
We recognize subscription revenue over the term of our customer contracts and, consequently, downturns or upturns in new sales may not be immediately reflected in our operating results and may be difficult to d
HEADER_5:
Our long-term success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the sales of our solutions to customers located outside of t
HEADER_6:
he United States, and thus our business is susceptible to risks associated with international sales and operations.
HEADER_7:
Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand.
HEADER_8:
The nature of our business requires the application of complex revenue and expense recognition rules and the current legislative and regulatory environment affecting generally accepted accounting principles is uncertain. Significant changes
HEADER_9:
 in current principles could affect our financial statements going forward and changes in financial accounting standards or practices may cause adverse, unexpected financial reporting fluctuations and harm our operating results. 
HEADER_10:
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
HEADER_11:
Any failure to offer high-quality product suppo
HEADER_12:
rt may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results.
HEADER_13:
Changes in laws and regulations related to the internet and cloud computing or changes to internet infrastructure may diminish the demand for our solutions and could have a negative impact on our busi
HEADER_14:
The enactment of legislation implementing changes in the U.S. taxation of international business activities or the adoption of other tax reform policies c
HEADER_15:
ould materially impact our financial position and results of operations.
HEADER_16:
If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
HEADER_17:
The Company is controlled by certain of our Principal Stockholders, whose interests may differ from those of other stockholders.
HEADER_18:
Although we do not expect to rely on the “controlled company” exemption, we are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the stock exchange rules and we qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.
HEADER_19:
Provisions of our corporat
HEADER_20:
e governance documents could make an acquisition of the company more difficult and may impede attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our stockholders.
HEADER_21:
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members.
HEADER_22:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about
HEADER_23:
 our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
