CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:
The satisfactory performance, reliability, and availability of Encompass, the Ellie Mae Network, and our other services are critical to our reputation and our ability to attract and retain Encompass users and Ellie Mae Network participants. Because our services are complex and incorporate a variety of hardware and proprietary and third-party software, our services may have errors or defects that could result in unanticipated downtime for our customers. Internet-based services frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released, and we have from time to time found errors and defects in our services and new errors and defects in our services may be detected in the future. We are dependent on third parties for the implementation and maintenance of certain aspects of our systems and because some of the causes of system interruptions may be outside of our control, we may not be able to remedy such interruptions in a timely manner.Moreover, we have experienced and may in the future continue to experience temporary system interruptions to Encompass, the Ellie Mae Network, or our other services for a variety of other reasons, including:&#8226;network or power failures; &#8226;problems with Encompass and other third-party firmware updates;&#8226;an overwhelming number of users trying to access our services during periods of strong demand;&#8226;security or denial of services attacks which result in service interruptions; &#8226;use of our services by our customers in unanticipated ways that may cause a disruption in services for other customers; and&#8226;disruptions or congestions in the portions of the Internet linking us to our customers.Since our customers use our service for important aspects of their business, any errors, defects, disruptions in service, or other performance problems could result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation and brand, reduce our revenue, increase our operating expenses, negatively impact our ability to run our business, hinder our ability to enroll new customers, cause us to incur legal liability or issue refunds or service credits to our customers and cause us to lose current customers, all of which could substantially harm our business and operating results.
CONTENT_5:
We host our applications and serve our customers from third-party data centers located within the United States. We utilize a hybrid cloud approach to our third-party data centers consisting of (i) two primary production data centers, located in Santa Clara, California and Elk Grove (Chicago), Illinois, which are each hosted by a third-party service provider, as well as third party data centers located in St. Louis, Missouri and Richardson, Texas, which host our Encompass CRM and Velocify products, and (ii) a network of AWS data centers within the United States which provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations. We maintain regular oversight but have little direct control over our third party data centers. In the case of AWS, we do not control any aspects of the AWS data center operations and do not own any of the underlying computing hardware. We rely on these third-party service providers to provide continuous and uninterrupted access to our products and services, including Encompass and the Ellie Mae Network. If for any reason our relationship with any of these third parties were to end unexpectedly, it could require a significant amount of time to transition the hosting of our computing infrastructure to new third-party service providers.15Problems faced by our third-party data center providers or AWS, or with the telecommunications network providers with whom we or they rely, could adversely affect the experience of our customers. Our third-party data center operators or AWS could decide to close their facilities or reduce services to us without adequate notice. In addition, any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy, faced by our third-party data center providers, AWS or any of the other service providers with whom we or they contract may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. Additionally, if our data center providers or AWS are unable to keep up with our needs for capacity, this could have an adverse effect on our business. Any changes in third-party service levels at our data centers or at AWS or any errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems with our applications or the hosted infrastructure on which they run could adversely affect our reputation and may damage our customers&#8217; stored files or result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Interruptions in our services, as discussed in the preceding risk factor, could substantially harm our business and operating results.
CONTENT_6:
We collect, process, transmit, and maintain certain confidential information relating to the customers (borrowers and loan applicants) of the users of our software and services, including personally identifiable information. This information resides on data center servers hosted by third-party providers and on AWS, and is transmitted to, across, and from our networks. While we have security measures in place to protect this information and prevent security breaches, these security measures may be compromised as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, advanced persistent cyber-attacks (by hacktivists or cybercriminal organizations), employee error or malfeasance, service provider or vendor error, malfeasance or other intentional or unintentional acts by third parties. Furthermore, our customers&#8217; data, including personally identifiable information, may be lost, exposed, or subject to unauthorized access and/or use as a result of accidents, errors, or malfeasance by our employees, independent contractors, or others working with us or on our behalf. Our servers and systems, and those of our service providers, may also be vulnerable to computer malware, break-ins, denial-of-service attacks, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems, which could result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our customers&#8217; data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. The possession and use of personally identifiable information in conducting our business subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that may require notification to customers in the event of a security breach, restrict our use of personally identifiable information, and hinder our ability to acquire new customers or market to existing customers.We cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent security breaches or the loss or exposure of confidential information or other information we maintain or process. Any actual or perceived compromise of our security could result in the loss of customer data, intellectual property or trade secrets, and could damage our reputation and brand, negatively affect our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers, adversely affect investor confidence, and expose us to a risk of litigation or regulatory actions and orders,  penalties for violation of applicable laws, regulations, or contractual obligations and/or other liabilities, which would substantially harm our business and operating results. We will need to expend significant resources to protect against and remedy any potential security breaches and their consequences, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants.
CONTENT_7:
To maintain or increase our revenues, we may need to (i) increase the number of customers of our service offerings, and (ii) increase the adoption of our suite of other and newer service offerings to existing customers, in each case the failure to do so may have a materially adverse impact on our business.Our success will depend on (i) the willingness of our customers, primarily mortgage lenders, to continue to accept the SaaS model for delivering software applications that they view as critical to the success of their business, (ii) our ability to successfully deliver new and improved SaaS service offerings that meet the needs of our existing customers and potential customers, and (iii) the available market of potential customers of our services and our ability to sell our services to these potential customers.It is difficult to predict customer adoption rates and demand for our services, the future growth rate and size of the market for our service offerings, or the entry of competitive applications. The growth of the mortgage technology market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with product offerings, most notably SaaS offerings such as our own, including the extent to which SaaS companies are successful in continuing to address security and reliability concerns. If other SaaS providers experience security incidents, loss of customer data, disruptions in delivery or other problems, the market for SaaS applications as a whole, including our own products and services, may be negatively affected. If there is a reduction in demand for mortgage technology caused by technological challenges, weakening economic conditions, interest rate increases, security or privacy concerns, competing technologies and products, decreases in spending by mortgage 16lenders, or a decrease in the number of potential users of our service offerings, this could result in decreased revenues and our business could be adversely affected. In addition, we will need to continue to optimize our sales infrastructure in order to grow our customer base and our business. Identifying and recruiting qualified personnel and training them in the use of our software requires significant time, expense, and attention.
CONTENT_8:
If we are unable to provide enhancements, new features, and modifications of our existing services, including the successful completion and deployment of our next generation Encompass software, the Encompass Lending Platform and our Encompass Connect solutions as well as changes to our services to reflect changes in laws and regulations relating to residential mortgage lending, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. If we do not successfully manage the migration of our customers to our next generation Encompass software or if the transition takes longer than expected, customers may not experience the benefits of new enhancements and features and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. In addition, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our services to keep pace with changes in software, communication, browser, database, and SaaS infrastructure technologies. We may not be successful in either developing these modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market in a timely fashion, which could increase our costs and adversely affect our business. The failure of our services to operate effectively with future technologies could reduce the demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction, and adversely affect our business.We have invested and continue to invest significant resources to develop and acquire technology related to our services that is capitalized to property and equipment or intangible assets and treated as an asset on our balance sheet.&#160;We may not launch this developed and acquired technology, the launch of such technology may result in disruptions to our business operations, or such technology might not meet our and our customers&#8217; expectations. Also, changes to any of our implementation strategies or the failure of this technology to meet our and our customers&#8217; expectations could result in the impairment of software-related assets, and our future operating results could be materially adversely affected if we are required to write down the carrying value of capitalized software development or other intangible assets.
CONTENT_9:
Changes to existing laws or regulations or adoption of new laws or regulations relating to the residential mortgage industry or mortgage lending may require us to incur significant costs to update our products and services so that our customers remain compliant with such laws and regulations. Our Encompass Compliance Service analyzes mortgage loan data for compliance with consumer protection laws and institutionally mandated compliance policies and must continually be updated to incorporate changes to such laws and policies. The Dodd-Frank Act has caused and will continue to cause us to make similar updates to Encompass, Encompass Compliance Service, Encompass Product and Pricing Service, Encompass Docs Solution, TQL, and the Ellie Mae Network to address, among other things, regulations that protect consumers against unfair, deceptive, and abusive practices by lenders. For example, additional tools and product updates were required to address the Ability-to-Repay/Qualified Mortgage and Federal and State High Cost rules that became effective in January 2014. In addition, we have updated certain products to comply with the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule changes and the 2013 Loan Originator Rule under the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) that became effective on October 3, 2015. The final rule amending Regulation C to implement amendments to the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (&#8220;HMDA&#8221;) made by section 1094 of the Dodd-Frank Act was published on October 15, 2015. It includes various effective compliance dates, starting with January 1, 2017 through May 30, 2020. The final &#8220;Qualified Residential Mortgage&#8221; rule which implements the risk retention requirements in the Dodd-Frank Act became effective on December 24, 2015. On August 23, 2016, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac published the first material updates to the Uniform Residential Loan Application (&#8220;URLA&#8221;) in more than 20 years. In September 2017, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac announced that lenders may begin using the redesigned URLA starting in July 2019 and they will require the use of the redesigned URLA for all new loan applications beginning in February 2020. These additions and updates have caused us to incur significant expense, and future updates will likely cause us to incur similar significant expense. For example, if the new U.S. presidential administration and U.S. Congress significantly change or repeal the mortgage lending portions of the Dodd-Frank Act or the CFBP announces new rules or repeals previously announced rules, we may need to incur significant expense to make updates to our products and services. In addition, if our products and services fail to adequately address laws or regulations relating to the residential mortgage industry or mortgage lending (including existing laws and regulations or newly introduced laws or regulations), we could be subject to claims by our customers that we have breached our customer contracts as well as potential claims by borrowers or government agencies. Such claims could result from a failure of our product to meet customer expectations regarding functionality or from errors or defects in our products. Such claims could result in substantial costs and we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. Furthermore, if our products and services fail to address relevant laws and regulations this could result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation and brand, hinder our 17ability to enroll new customers and cause us to lose current customers, all of which could substantially harm our business and operating results.
CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:
&#32;(&#8220;ASU 2014-09&#8221; or &#8220;Topic 606&#8221;), is requiring that we make significant updates to our financial information technology systems, significant modifications to our accounting controls and procedures and is placing a significant burden on our accounting and information technology teams, both financially and through the expenditure of management time, with no assurance that we will successfully transition to Topic 606 from the existing revenue recognition standard and meeting our reporting requirements. Our failure to meet our reporting obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business and the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, due to the implementation of Topic 606 and the changes we&#8217;re making to our internal control environment to adopt Topic 606, there is an increased risk that we fail to maintain an effective internal control environment. Our failure to maintain an effective internal control environment may, among other things, result in material misstatements in our financial statements and failure to meet our reporting obligations.
CONTENT_13:
Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our service after the expiration of their initial subscription term, which ranges from one to five years. They may also choose to renew their subscriptions at lower levels. In addition, in the first year of a subscription, customers often purchase a higher level of professional services than they do in renewal years. As a result, our ability to grow is dependent in part on existing customers renewing their subscriptions and purchasing new services after the initial subscription term. It may be more difficult to predict renewal rates as our customer base grows, as we continue to  expand suite of offerings, and as we continue to expand the number of multi-year subscription contracts. Our customers&#8217; renewal rates may decline or fluctuate because of several factors, including merger and acquisition activity, their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our services, the prices of our services, changes to the standard prices of our services, the prices of services offered by our competitors or reductions in our customers&#8217; spending levels due to the macroeconomic environment or other factors. 18If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our services, renew on less favorable terms, or do not purchase additional subscriptions or services, our revenues may grow more slowly than expected or decline and our profitability and gross margin percentage may be harmed.
CONTENT_14:
To grow our base of Ellie Mae Network participants, we must continue to enhance the features and functionality of the Ellie Mae Network, including the APIs we make available to Ellie Mae Network providers. In addition, increasing the number of settlement service and other transactions effected through the Ellie Mae Network will depend, in part, on third-party service providers enhancing their technical capabilities, which is largely beyond our control.We must also convince a variety of potential Ellie Mae Network participants, including mortgage lenders, originators, settlement service providers, and mega lenders, of the benefits of electronic origination and network participation as compared to traditional mortgage origination methods including paper, facsimile, courier, mail, and email.We cannot guarantee that our Ellie Mae Network and other service offerings will achieve market acceptance. In the event these efforts are not successful, our business and growth prospects would be adversely affected.
CONTENT_15:
Our revenues and operating results have in the past varied and could in the future vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be indicative of future operating results.  In addition to other risk factors discussed in this section, factors that may contribute to the variability of our quarterly and annual results include:&#8226;the volume of mortgages originated by Encompass users, especially users on our Success-Based Pricing&#32;model;&#8226;the number of Encompass users;&#8226;transaction volume on the Ellie Mae Network&#32;and the demand for our services;&#8226;fluctuations in mortgage lending volume and the number of closed loans relative to loan applications;&#8226;the relative mix of purchase and refinance volume handled by Encompass users;&#8226;the timing of the introduction and acceptance of new services and Ellie Mae Network service providers;&#8226;how quickly larger customers implement our services and use our services to originate and close loans;&#8226;continued investment in the Encompass Lending Platform and our Encompass Connect solutions;&#8226;changes in accounting rules applicable to our business;&#8226;any write-downs in the value of our property and equipment, goodwill or intangible assets as a result of our investment or acquisition activities;&#8226;changes in government regulation affecting mortgage lenders and Ellie Mae Network&#32;participants or our business, and potential structural changes in the U.S. residential mortgage industry; and&#8226;costs associated with defending intellectual property infringement and other litigation claims.Due to these and other factors, our future results may not reach our financial projections. In addition, our operating results in future periods may not meet the expectations of investors or public market analysts who follow our company, which could cause our stock price to decline rapidly and significantly. The results of any prior quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indications of our future operating performance.
CONTENT_16:
Part of our business strategy is to target larger mortgage lenders that handle greater volumes of loans. As we target more of our sales and marketing efforts at larger customers, we could face greater costs, longer sales cycles, and less predictability in completing some of our sales. In this market, the customer&#8217;s decision to use our products and services may be an enterprise-wide decision and, if so, this type of sale could require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our products and services. In addition, larger customers may demand more complex integration services, more comprehensive implementation services, and expanded or modified product functionality, which may result in implementations that take longer 19than we forecast or plan or result in delays in these customers using our service to originate and close loans. As a result of these factors, these sales opportunities may require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time required to complete sales and diverting our own sales and professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions. Furthermore, if implementations take longer than planned or these customers delay their use of our service to originate and close loans, we may be required to delay&#160;revenue recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation requirements have been met and may not generate revenue from these customers as quickly as we had forecast.
CONTENT_17:
We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, which has placed a strain on our management and administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. Additional investments in our implementation capabilities, technical support, technical operations, research and development, and general and administrative functions will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, address the needs of our customers, further develop and enhance our products and services, and scale with the overall growth of our company.In addition, professional services, such as implementation services, are a key aspect of on-boarding new customers. The implementation process is complicated and we may need to scale our capabilities in this area to meet future revenue targets. If a customer is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us or with the type of services or solutions delivered, then we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the customer&#8217;s dissatisfaction with our products and services could damage our ability to obtain additional work from that customer. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current and prospective customers.
CONTENT_18:
Our strategy of growing our business and increasing the number of Encompass users has placed and may continue to place significant demands on our technology systems and operational infrastructure. As our operations grow in size, scope, and complexity, we will need to expand, improve, and upgrade our technology systems and operational infrastructure, including the data center infrastructure we utilize to offer an increasing number of customers enhanced solutions, features, and functionality, and to ensure that our services are reliable.Our growth and the improvement of our technology systems and operational infrastructure will require significant lead time and substantial financial, operational and technical resources in advance of the anticipated increase in the volume of business, with no assurance that the volume of business or our revenues will actually increase.
CONTENT_19:
We have experienced, and are continuing to experience, a period of rapid growth in our customers, headcount, and operations. In particular, we grew from approximately 270&#160;employees as of December&#160;31, 2011 to approximately 1,480&#32;employees as of December 31, 2017, and have also significantly increased the number of customers and loans originated using Encompass. We anticipate that we will significantly expand our operations in the near term and will continue to expand our loans originated on our platform. This growth has placed, and future growth will place, a significant strain on our management, general and administrative resources, and operational infrastructure. Our success will depend in part on our ability to manage this growth effectively and to scale our operations. To manage the expected growth of our operations, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. As we continue to grow, we also need to ensure that our policies and procedures evolve to reflect our current operations and are appropriately communicated to and observed by employees, and that we appropriately manage our corporate information assets, including confidential and proprietary information. Failure to effectively manage growth could result in difficulty or delays in deploying customers, declines in quality or customer satisfaction, increases in costs, difficulties in introducing new features, or other operational difficulties, and any of these difficulties could adversely impact our business performance and results of operations.20
CONTENT_20:
Our success will depend in part on our ability to expand our solutions and services and to grow our business in response to changing technologies, customer demands, and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may pursue growth through the acquisition of complementary businesses, solutions, or technologies rather than through internal development. For example, in October 2017, we purchased Velocify, a leading cloud-based sales engagement platform.The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions successfully. Moreover, if such acquisitions require us to seek additional debt or equity financing, we may not be able to obtain such financing on terms favorable to us or at all. Acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks which may have a negative impact on our results of operations, including:&#8226;write-offs of acquired assets or investments;&#8226;potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers;&#8226;unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses;&#8226;unanticipated expenses related to acquired technology and its integration into existing technology;&#8226;limitations to our ability to recognize revenue from acquired deferred revenue;&#8226;the potential loss of key employees;&#8226;depreciation and amortization of amounts related to acquired intangible assets, fixed assets, and deferred compensation; and&#8226;adverse tax consequences of any such acquisitions.Even if we successfully complete an acquisition, we may not be able to assimilate and integrate effectively the acquired business, technologies, solutions, assets, personnel, or operations, particularly if key personnel of an acquired company decide not to work for us. We may encounter difficulty in incorporating acquired technologies into our service and maintaining the quality standards that are consistent with our brand and reputation. In addition, we may issue debt or equity securities to complete an acquisition, which could dilute our stockholders&#8217; ownership and adversely affect the price of our common stock.
CONTENT_21:
The U.S. mortgage industry is heavily regulated. Federal and state governments and agencies could enact legislation or other policies that could negatively impact the business of our Encompass users and other Ellie Mae Network&#32;participants. Any changes to existing laws or regulations or adoption of new laws or regulations that increase restrictions on the residential mortgage industry may decrease residential mortgage volume or otherwise limit the ability of our Encompass users and Ellie Mae Network&#32;participants to operate their businesses, resulting in decreased usage of our solutions. In addition, reduced regulatory requirements may reduce the demand for certain of our products and services, including the Encompass Compliance service.
CONTENT_22:
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac play a very important role in providing liquidity, stability, and affordability in the current U.S. residential mortgage market. In particular, they participate in the secondary mortgage market by purchasing mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities for investment and by issuing guaranteed mortgage-related securities. There have been numerous executive branch proposals as well as proposed federal legislation which may wind down or recapitalize Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and/or eliminate or reduce the government&#8217;s role in the housing market. Any significant structural change to the role of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or to the U.S. residential mortgage industry may cause significant disruption to the residential mortgage market. If we are unable to react effectively and quickly to changes in the residential mortgage industry or if such changes reduce the volume of mortgage lending, our business could be harmed.
CONTENT_23:
The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (&#8220;RESPA&#8221;) generally prohibits the payment or receipt of fees or any other thing of value for the referral of business related to a residential real estate settlement service and prohibits fee shares or splits or unearned fees in connection with the provision of such services. Encompass software and services and the Ellie Mae Network&#32;were designed with payment methods that are intended to comply with the restrictions under RESPA. Nonetheless, RESPA may restrict our ability to enter into marketing and distribution arrangements with third parties for existing or newly developed products and services, particularly to the extent that such arrangements may be characterized as involving payments for the referral of residential real 21estate settlement service business. Additionally, any amendments to RESPA, court opinions interpreting the provisions of RESPA, or changes in the manner that RESPA is interpreted by the regulatory agencies responsible for enforcing RESPA that result in restrictions on our current payment methods, or any determination that our payment methods have been and currently are subject to the restrictions under RESPA, could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we were found to be in violation of RESPA rules, we would be exposed to significant potential liability that could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business.
CONTENT_24:
We believe our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, technical, finance, creative, and sales and marketing personnel. Moreover, we believe that our future success is highly dependent on the contributions of our named executive officers. All of our officers and other employees are at-will employees, which means they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. In addition, the loss of any key employee or the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel could delay the development and introduction of, and harm our ability to sell, our solutions and harm the market&#8217;s perception of us. Competition for qualified personnel is particularly intense in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters are located. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract them. We may be unable to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals who are capable of meeting our growing sales, operational, and managerial requirements, or we may be required to pay increased compensation in order to do so. If we are unable to attract and retain the qualified personnel we need to succeed, our business will suffer.Volatility or lack of performance in our stock price may also affect our ability to attract and retain our key employees. Most of our named executive officers are vested in a substantial number of stock options and performance awards. Employees may be more likely to leave us if the shares they own or the shares underlying their vested options have significantly appreciated in value relative to the original purchase prices of the shares or the exercise prices of the vested options, or if the exercise prices of the options that they hold are significantly above the market price of our common stock. If we are unable to retain our named executive officers or other key employees, our business will be harmed.
CONTENT_25:
Ellie Mae Network&#32;participants.The mortgage origination software market is highly competitive. There are many software providers that compete with us by offering loan origination software to mortgage originators. These competitors include: Calyx Technology, Inc.; DH Corporation now Finastra; LendingQB; Mortgage Builder Software, Inc.; Mortgage Cadence, an Accenture Company; Wipro Gallagher Solutions, Inc.; and Black Knight Financial Technology Solutions, LLC (LoanSphere Empower and LoanSphere LendingSpace).&#32;Some of these software providers, including Calyx Technology, Inc. and Black Knight Financial Technology Solutions, LLC, also provide connectivity between their software users and lenders and service providers to make such services available to mortgage lenders. We also compete with compliance, document preparation service, and product eligibility and pricing service providers that are more established than us. There is vigorous competition among providers of these services and we may not succeed in convincing potential customers using other services to switch to ours. In addition, some of our competitors are consolidating, which facilitates greater cross-selling of services and could weaken our ability to differentiate our offering in the market. Some of our competitors also offer services on a per closed loan basis, which could adversely impact the effectiveness of our Success-Based Pricing&#32;strategy for increasing the number of Encompass customers. If we are unsuccessful in competing effectively by providing attractive functionality, customer service, or value, we could lose existing Encompass users to our competitors and our ability to attract new Encompass users could be harmed.There are many service providers that offer our Encompass users competing services, including borrower-facing websites, customer relationship management solutions, document preparation services, compliance services, product eligibility and pricing services, and electronic document management services. We may be unsuccessful in continuing to differentiate our Encompass service offerings to the extent necessary to effectively compete in some or all of these markets.The Ellie Mae Network&#32;is only available to mortgage originators using Encompass. The principal alternative to the use of the Ellie Mae Network&#32;by Encompass users remains traditional methods of exchanging data and documents among mortgage industry participants by email, facsimile, phone, courier, and mail. In addition, mortgage originators may use standalone web browsers to go individually to each investor, lender, or service provider&#8217;s website, and then manually upload loan data or enter information into the website. Mortgage originators may continue to use these methods due to habit, personal business relationships, or otherwise. The success of the Ellie Mae Network&#32;depends on our ability to achieve and offer access to both the critical mass of investors, lenders, and service providers necessary to attract and retain mortgage originators using Encompass on the Ellie Mae Network&#32;and the critical mass of active mortgage originators necessary to attract and retain investors, lenders, and service providers on our network.22Some of our actual and potential competitors have longer operating histories and significantly greater financial, technical, marketing, and other resources than we do and, as a result, these companies may be able to respond more quickly to changes in regulations, new technologies or customer demands, or devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their software and services than we can. In addition, we may face increased competition as a result of continuing industry consolidation. We expect the mortgage origination market to continue to attract new competitors and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures we face will not materially adversely affect our business.
CONTENT_26:
If new industry standards and practices emerge, or if competitors introduce new solutions embodying new services or technologies, Encompass and the Ellie Mae Network&#32;technology may become obsolete. Our future success will depend on our ability to:&#8226;enhance our existing solutions;&#8226;develop and potentially license new solutions and technologies that address the needs of our prospective customers; and&#8226;respond to changes in industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis.We must continue to enhance the features and functionality of Encompass, our other services, and the Ellie Mae Network. The effective performance, reliability, and availability of Encompass, our other services, and the Ellie Mae Network&#32;infrastructure are critical to our reputation and our ability to attract and retain Encompass users, users of our other services, and Ellie Mae Network&#32;participants. If we do not continue to make investments in product development and, as a result, or due to other reasons, fail to attract new and retain existing mortgage originators, lenders, investors, and service providers, we may lose existing Ellie Mae Network&#32;participants, which could significantly decrease the value of the Ellie Mae Network&#32;to all participants and materially adversely affect our business.
CONTENT_27:
At any given time, we are a defendant in various legal proceedings and litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business including commercial and employment disputes. We can give no assurance that the outcome of any such matter would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of these disputes or the actual impact of these matters on our profitability at this time, and any views we form as to the viability of these claims or the financial exposure in which they could result, could change from time to time as the matters proceed through their course, as facts are established, and as various judicial determinations are made.If we agree to settle these matters or judgments are secured against us, we may incur charges which may have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and future prospects.
CONTENT_28:
The protection of our intellectual property rights, including our proprietary Encompass software and Ellie Mae Network&#32;technology, is crucial to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws, and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. Our present and future patents may provide only limited protection for our technology and may not be sufficient to provide competitive advantage to us. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee any patents will be issued to us as a result of our patent applications. We also rely in part on confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, independent contractors, and consultants. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our Ellie Mae Network&#32;and Encompass features and functionality or obtain and use information that we consider proprietary. Enforcing our proprietary rights is difficult and may not always be effective.We have registered &#8220;Ellie Mae,&#8221; &#8220;Encompass,&#8221; &#8220;Velocify&#8221; and &#8220;AllRegs&#8221; and certain of our other trademarks as trademarks in the United States. Competitors may adopt service names similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to customer confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of the terms Ellie Mae, Encompass, or our other trademarks.Litigation or proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other governmental authorities and administrative bodies in the United States and abroad may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our patent and copyright rights, trade secrets and domain names, and determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our business.23
CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:
As a publicly-traded company, we are subject to compliance with, among other regulations, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (&#8220;SOX&#8221;), which requires that we properly implement and maintain our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Ensuring that we have adequate functioning internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. Our compliance with SOX requires that we incur substantial expense and expend significant management time on compliance-related issues. If we fail to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment, we could suffer material misstatements in our financial statements and fail to meet our reporting obligations, which would likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. This could harm our operating results and lead to a decline in our stock price. Additionally, ineffective internal control over financial reporting could expose us to increased risk of fraud or misuse of corporate assets and subject us to potential delisting from the New York Stock Exchange, regulatory investigations, civil or criminal sanctions, and class action litigation.As a third-party technology service provider of mission-critical products and services to many financial institutions that are regulated by one or more member agencies of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (the &#8220;FFIEC&#8221;), we are subject to an Information Technology (&#8220;IT&#8221;) Examination by the member agencies of the FFIEC. As a result, the FFIEC conducts recurring IT Examinations in order to identify existing or potential risks associated with our operations or our products and services that could adversely affect the financial institutions to whom we provide products and services, evaluate our risk management systems, and controls and determine our compliance with applicable laws that affect the&#160;products and&#160;services we provide to financial 24institutions. In addition to examining areas such as our management of technology, product functionality, data integrity, information confidentiality, and service availability, the reviews also assess our financial stability. A sufficiently unfavorable review from the FFIEC in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
CONTENT_32:
We do not collect state and local sales and use taxes on all sales in all jurisdictions in which our customers are located, based on our belief that such taxes are not applicable. Sales and use tax laws and rates vary by jurisdiction and such laws are subject to interpretation. Jurisdictions in which we do not collect sales and use taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in the assessment of such taxes, interest, and penalties, and we could be required to collect such taxes in the future. This additional sales and use tax liability could adversely affect the results of our operations.
CONTENT_33:
The application of federal, state and local tax laws to services provided electronically is evolving. New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time (possibly with retroactive effect), and could be applied solely or disproportionately to services provided over the Internet. These enactments could adversely affect our sales activity due to the inherent cost increase the taxes would represent and ultimately result in a negative impact on our operating results and cash flows.In addition, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us (possibly with retroactive effect), which could require us or our customers to pay additional tax amounts, as well as require us or our customers to pay fines or penalties and interest for past amounts. If we are unsuccessful in collecting such taxes from our customers, we could be held liable for such costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results and cash flows.On December 22, 2017, the President of the United States signed into law The Tax Cuts that significantly revises the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.&#160; The newly enacted federal income tax law, among other things, contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including reduction of the corporate tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat rate of 21%, limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense to 30% of adjusted earnings (except for certain small businesses), limitation of the deduction for net operating losses to 80% of current year taxable income and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks, one time taxation of offshore earnings at reduced rates regardless of whether they are repatriated, elimination of U.S. tax on foreign earnings (subject to certain important exceptions), immediate deductions for certain new investments instead of deductions for depreciation expense over time, and modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits.&#160; Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate, the overall impact of the new federal tax law on our business and financial condition is uncertain.
CONTENT_34:
Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, and similar events. For example, a significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire, or flood, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. Our corporate offices and one of the facilities we lease to house our computer and telecommunications equipment are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. In addition, acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas with higher population density than rural areas, could cause disruptions in our or our customers&#8217; businesses or the economy as a whole. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in certain circumstances, such as natural disasters affecting the San Francisco Bay Area, and our business interruption insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur.
CONTENT_35:
The trading price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition to the factors discussed in this &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; section and elsewhere in our filings with the SEC, these factors include:&#8226;our operating performance and the operating performance of similar companies;&#8226;the overall performance of the equity markets;&#8226;the number of shares our common stock publicly owned and available for trading;&#8226;threatened or actual litigation;&#8226;changes in laws or regulations relating to our solutions;25&#8226;any major change in our board of directors or management;&#8226;publication of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts;&#8226;large volumes of sales of our shares of common stock by existing stockholders; and&#8226;general political and economic conditions.In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company&#8217;s securities. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in very substantial costs, divert our management&#8217;s attention and resources and harm our business.
CONTENT_36:
Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;), the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results and affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. For example, the adoption of Topic 606, a new revenue recognition standard, which became effective for us on January 1, 2018, could have an impact on the timing of revenue recognition of our Encompass subscription and professional services revenues. There could also be a material impact to the scope of costs deferred to obtain customer contracts and the timing of recognition of these costs. Refer to Note 2 &#8220;Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies&#8221; in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the recent accounting pronouncements and the potential impact on us.
CONTENT_37:
In August 2017, our Audit Committee, under authority delegated to it by our Board of Directors, approved a new stock repurchase program granting us authority to repurchase up to $250.0 million of our outstanding common stock through August 2020. Stock repurchases under this program or any future program may be limited, suspended, or terminated at any time without prior notice. There can be no assurance that we will repurchase additional shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase program or that any future repurchases will have a positive impact on the trading price of our common stock or earnings per share. Important factors that could cause us to limit, suspend or terminate our stock repurchase program include, among others, unfavorable market conditions, the trading price of our common stock, the nature of other investment or strategic opportunities presented to us from time to time, the rate of dilution of our equity compensation programs, the status of our corporate trading windows, the availability of adequate funds, and our ability to make appropriate, timely, and beneficial decisions as to when, how, and whether to purchase shares under the stock repurchase program. If we limit, suspend or terminate our stock repurchase program, our stock price may be negatively affected.
CONTENT_38:
The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which may cause our stock price to decline.
CONTENT_39:
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our board of directors. These provisions include:&#8226;a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors;&#8226;no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates;&#8226;the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors;26&#8226;the ability of our board of directors to determine to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer;&#8226;a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; and&#8226;advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders&#8217; meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer&#8217;s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us.We are also subject to certain anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction.<div
