HEADER_1:
You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this report. If any of the following risks materialize, our business could be materially harmed, and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
HEADER_2:
The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important to understanding other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
HEADER_3:
Because of the following risks, as well as other factors affecting our financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.
HEADER_4:
Any outages or system interruptions that impair access to Encompass, the Ellie Mae Network, or our other services could damage our reputation and brand and may substantially harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_5:
We depend on data centers and computing infrastructure operated by third parties and any disruption in these operations could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_6:
Our failure to maintain the security of the confidential information of the customers of the users of our software and services could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_7:
Our future performance will be highly dependent on both our ability to continue to attract new customers to our service offerings and our ability to sell additional service offerings to existing customers.
HEADER_8:
If we are not able to provide successful enhancements, new features and modifications to our services, our business could be adversely affected. Further, impairment of software-related assets and other assets may materially adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_9:
Changes in current legislation or new legislation may increase our costs by requiring us to update our products and services and if our products and services fail to address relevant laws and regulations our business could be adversely affected.
HEADER_10:
A decrease in mortgage lending volume could materially adversely affect our business.
HEADER_11:
If we fail to successfully adopt Topic 606, the new revenue recognition standard, we may be unable to produce accurate financial statements and may be unable to meet our reporting obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_12:
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
HEADER_13:
We cannot accurately predict subscription renewal or upgrade rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenues and operating results.
HEADER_14:
Our future performance will be highly dependent on our ability to expand the third-party services available on, and increase the number of transactions effected through, the Ellie Mae Network.
HEADER_15:
We expect a number of factors to cause our operating results to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance.
HEADER_16:
As we sell our services to larger customers, our sales cycle may become longer and more expensive, we may encounter pricing pressure and implementation challenges, and we may have to delay revenue recognition for some complex transactions or experience delays in these customers using our service to originate and close loans, all of which could harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_17:
If we are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan.
HEADER_18:
Our growth strategy will require significant expenditures and resources to improve our technology, systems, and operational infrastructure in order to support a growing number of customers. We will need to make such expenditures with no assurance that the volume of our business or revenues will actually increase.
HEADER_19:
We have experienced rapid growth. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service and operational controls, or adequately address competitive challenges.
HEADER_20:
Completing and integrating future acquisitions could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition, and operating results or dilute or adversely affect the price of our common stock.
HEADER_21:
The residential mortgage industry is heavily regulated and changes in current legislation or new legislation could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_22:
Potential structural changes in the U.S. residential mortgage industry, in particular plans to diminish the role of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, could disrupt the residential mortgage market and have a material adverse effect on our business.
HEADER_23:
We may be limited in the way in which we market our business or generate revenue by U.S. federal law prohibiting referral fees in real estate transactions, and if we are found to be in violation of such laws we would be subject to significant liability.
HEADER_24:
We depend on key and highly skilled personnel to operate our business, and if we are unable to retain our current or hire additional personnel, our ability to develop and successfully market our business could be harmed.
HEADER_25:
We operate in a highly competitive market, which could make it difficult for us to attract and retain Encompass users and 
HEADER_26:
Failure to adapt to technological changes may render our technology obsolete or decrease the attractiveness of our solutions to our customers.
HEADER_27:
We are subject to the risks of current and future legal proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects.
HEADER_28:
Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property could harm our business.
HEADER_29:
Assertions that we infringe third-party intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business.
HEADER_30:
Our internal information technology systems are critical to our business. System integration and implementation issues could disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business or results in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls.
HEADER_31:
If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements could be impaired, which could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports, significant expenses to remediate any internal control deficiencies, and ultimately have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_32:
If one or more U.S. states or local jurisdictions successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect additional sales or use taxes on our fees, we could be subject to additional liability with respect to past or future sales, and the results of our operations could be adversely affected.
HEADER_33:
Adverse tax laws or regulations could be enacted or existing laws could be applied to us, which could increase the costs of our services and adversely impact our business.
HEADER_34:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fires, floods, and other natural catastrophic events and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism.
HEADER_35:
Our stock price is volatile and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses.
HEADER_36:
Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
HEADER_37:
We may execute stock repurchase programs when authorized by the board of directors that may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock.
HEADER_38:
If securities or industry analysts discontinue publishing research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price could decline.
HEADER_39:
Certain provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage takeover attempts and lead to management entrenchment.
