HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Businesses
HEADER_3:
Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions and upgrades of CDMA, OFDMA and other communications technologies, our customers’ and licensees’ sales of products and services based on these technologies and our ability to drive our customers’ demand for our products and services.
HEADER_4:
Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products and those of our customers and/or licensees and/or result in placing new specifications or requirements on our products, each of which could negatively affect our revenues and operating results.
HEADER_5:
We derive a significant portion of our consolidated revenues from a small number of customers and licensees. If revenues derived from these customers or licensees decrease or the timing of such revenues fluctuates, our operating results could be negatively affected.
HEADER_6:
Efforts by some communications equipment manufacturers or their customers to avoid paying fair and reasonable royalties for the use of our intellectual property may require the investment of substantial management time and financial resources and may result in legal decisions and/or actions by governments, courts, regulators or agencies, Standards Development Organizations (SDOs) or other industry organizations that harm our business.
HEADER_7:
The enforcement and protection of our intellectual property rights may be expensive, could fail to prevent misappropriation or unauthorized use of our proprietary intellectual property rights, could result in the loss of our ability to enforce one or more patents, or could be adversely affected by changes in patent laws, by laws in certain foreign jurisdictions that may not effectively protect our intellectual property rights or by ineffective enforcement of laws in such jurisdictions.
HEADER_8:
The continued and future success of our licensing programs can be impacted by the deployment of other technologies in place of technologies based on CDMA, OFDMA and their derivatives; the need to extend certain existing license agreements that are expiring and/or to cover additional later patents; and/or the success of our licensing programs for 4G single mode products and emerging industry segments.
HEADER_9:
We are subject to government regulations and policies. Our business may suffer as a result of new or changed laws, regulations or policies, our failure or inability to comply with laws, regulations or policies or adverse rulings in enforcement or other proceedings.
HEADER_10:
Our research, development and other investments in new technologies, products and services may not generate operating income or contribute to future operating results that meet our expectations.
HEADER_11:
We depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the procurement, manufacture and testing of our products. If we fail to execute supply strategies that provide supply assurance, technology leadership and low cost, our operating results and our business may be harmed. We are also subject to order and shipment uncertainties that could negatively impact our operating results. 
HEADER_12:
Claims by other companies that we infringe their intellectual property could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_13:
We may engage in acquisitions or strategic transactions or make strategic investments that could adversely affect our financial results or fail to enhance stockholder value.
HEADER_14:
If we are unsuccessful in executing our Strategic Realignment Plan, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
HEADER_15:
Our stock price and earnings are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations and to market downturns.
HEADER_16:
There are risks associated with our indebtedness.
HEADER_17:
We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees.
HEADER_18:
Currency fluctuations could negatively affect future product sales or royalty revenues, harm our ability to collect receivables or increase the U.S. dollar cost of our products or the activities of our foreign subsidiaries and strategic investments.
HEADER_19:
Global economic conditions that impact the mobile communications industry could negatively affect the demand for our products and services and our customers’ or licensees’ products and services, which may negatively affect our revenues.
HEADER_20:
Failures in our products or services or in the products or services of our customers or licensees, including those resulting from security vulnerabilities, defects or errors, could harm our business.
HEADER_21:
Our business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches.
HEADER_22:
Potential tax liabilities could adversely affect our results of operations.
