HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors 
HEADER_2:
You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry
HEADER_4:
Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected.
HEADER_5:
Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and may increase the risk associated with your investment.
HEADER_6:
Our revenue growth rate in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance. 
HEADER_7:
Our results of operations are likely to vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors or our previously issued financial guidance, or if any forward-looking financial guidance does not meet the expectation of analysts or investors, the market price of our common stock could decline substantially
HEADER_8:
The cloud networking market is rapidly evolving. If this market does not evolve as we anticipate or our target end customers do not adopt our cloud networking solutions, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our ability to generate revenue will suffer.
HEADER_9:
If we are unable to attract new large end customers or to sell additional products to our existing end customers, our revenue growth will be adversely affected and our revenue could decrease.
HEADER_10:
We expect large purchases by a limited number of end customers to continue to represent a substantial portion of our revenue, and any loss or delay of expected purchases could result in material quarter-to-quarter fluctuations of our revenue or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_11:
Some of our large end customers require more favorable terms and conditions from their vendors and may request price concessions. As we seek to sell more products to these end customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that may have an adverse effect on our business or ability to recognize revenue.
HEADER_12:
If we do not successfully anticipate technological shifts, market needs and opportunities, and develop products and product enhancements that meet those technological shifts, needs and opportunities, or if those products are not made available in a timely manner or do not gain market acceptance, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our ability to generate revenue will suffer.
HEADER_13:
To remain competitive, we must successfully manage product introductions and transitions. 
HEADER_14:
We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position.
HEADER_15:
Industry consolidation may lead to increased competition and may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
HEADER_16:
We are currently involved in litigation with Cisco Systems, Inc.
HEADER_17:
Cisco Systems, Inc. v. Arista Networks, Inc. (Case No. 4:14-cv-05343) (“’43 Case”)
HEADER_18:
Cisco Systems, Inc. v. Arista Networks, Inc. (Case No. 5:14-cv-05344) (“’44 Case”)
HEADER_19:
Arista Networks, Inc. v. Cisco Systems, Inc. (Case No. 5:16-cv-00923) (“’23 Case”)
HEADER_20:
Certain Network Devices, Related Software, and Components Thereof (Inv. No. 337-TA-944) (“944 Investigation”)
HEADER_21:
Certain Network Devices, Related Software, and Components Thereof (Inv. No. 337-TA-945) (“945 Investigation”)
HEADER_22:
We are currently involved in a license dispute with OptumSoft, Inc.
HEADER_23:
OptumSoft, Inc. v. Arista Networks, Inc.
HEADER_24:
Managing the supply of our products and product components is complex. Insufficient supply and inventory may result in lost sales opportunities or delayed revenue, while excess inventory may harm our gross margins. 
HEADER_25:
Because some of the key components in our products come from sole or limited sources of supply, we are susceptible to supply shortages or supply changes, which could disrupt or delay our scheduled product deliveries to our end customers and may result in the loss of sales and end customers. 
HEADER_26:
Because we depend on third-party manufacturers to build our products, we are susceptible to manufacturing delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping end-customer orders on time, if at all, or on a cost-effective basis, which may result in the loss of sales and end customers. 
HEADER_27:
Product quality problems, defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our products or services could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
HEADER_28:
Reliance on or delays in shipments could cause our revenue for the applicable period to fall below expected levels.
HEADER_29:
We base our inventory requirements on our forecasts of future sales. If these forecasts are materially inaccurate, we may procure inventory that we may be unable to use in a timely manner or at all.
HEADER_30:
The sales prices of our products and services may decrease, which may reduce our gross profits and adversely affect our results of operations. 
HEADER_31:
Sales of our 7000 Series of switches generate most of our product revenue, and if we are unable to continue to grow sales of these products, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will suffer.
HEADER_32:
Our ability to sell our products is highly dependent on the quality of our support and services offerings, and our failure to offer high-quality support and services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
HEADER_33:
Our business depends on end customers renewing their maintenance and support contracts. Any decline in maintenance renewals could harm our future business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
HEADER_34:
Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. 
HEADER_35:
If we are unable to increase market awareness of our company and our products, our revenue may not continue to grow or may decline.
HEADER_36:
If we are unable to hire, retain, train and motivate qualified personnel and senior management, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer. 
HEADER_37:
If we do not effectively expand and train our direct sales force, we may be unable to add new end customers or increase sales to our existing end customers, and our business will be adversely affected.
HEADER_38:
We are subject to a number of risks associated with the expansion of our international sales and operations.
HEADER_39:
If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected.
HEADER_40:
Adverse economic conditions or reduced information technology and network infrastructure spending may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
HEADER_41:
We may become involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us.
HEADER_42:
Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights, or other lawsuits asserted against us, could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
HEADER_43:
Our standard sales contracts contain indemnification provisions requiring us to defend our end customers against third-party claims, including against infringement of certain intellectual property rights that could expose us to losses which could seriously harm our business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. 
HEADER_44:
If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed or we could be required to incur significant expenses to enforce our rights.
HEADER_45:
We rely on the availability of licenses to third-party software and other intellectual property.
HEADER_46:
Our products contain third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to sell our products.
HEADER_47:
Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications and hardware that is developed by others, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening demand for our products.
HEADER_48:
We provide access to our software and other selected source code to certain partners, which creates additional risk that our competitors could develop products that are similar to or better than ours.
HEADER_49:
We expect our gross margins to vary over time and to be adversely affected by numerous factors.
HEADER_50:
Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, our sales and revenue are difficult to predict and may vary substantially from period to period, which may cause our results of operations to fluctuate significantly.
HEADER_51:
Our business is subject to the risks of warranty claims, product returns, product liability and product defects.
HEADER_52:
Levels or types of insurance coverage purchased may not adequately cover claims or liabilities. 
HEADER_53:
In addition to our own direct sales force, we rely on distributors, systems integrators and value-added resellers to sell our products, and our failure to effectively develop, manage or prevent disruptions to our distribution channels and the processes and procedures that support them could cause a reduction in the number of end customers of our products.
HEADER_54:
A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks.
HEADER_55:
We may invest in or acquire other businesses which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
HEADER_56:
If we needed to raise additional capital to expand our operations, invest in new products or for other corporate purposes, our failure to do so on favorable terms could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
HEADER_57:
If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could fall below expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_58:
We are exposed to the credit risk of our channel partners and some of our end customers, which could result in material losses.
HEADER_59:
We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
HEADER_60:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods and other catastrophic events and to interruption by manmade problems such as terrorism.
HEADER_61:
Breaches of our cybersecurity systems could degrade our ability to conduct our business operations and deliver products and services to our customers, delay our ability to recognize revenue, compromise the integrity of our software products, result in significant data losses and the theft of our intellectual property, damage our reputation, expose us to liability to third parties and require us to incur significant additional costs to maintain the security of our networks and data.
HEADER_62:
We believe our long-term value as a company will be greater if we focus primarily on growth instead of profitability.
HEADER_63:
We may not generate positive returns on our research and development investments.
HEADER_64:
Changes in our provision for income taxes or our effective tax rate, the enactment of new tax laws or changes in the application of existing tax laws of various jurisdictions or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our results.
HEADER_65:
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members.
HEADER_66:
Failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
HEADER_67:
We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate these controls.
HEADER_68:
If we or our partners fail to comply with environmental requirements, our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and reputation could be adversely affected.    
HEADER_69:
Regulations related to conflict minerals may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the costs of certain metals used in the manufacturing of our products.
HEADER_70:
Risks Related to the Securities Markets and Ownership of Our Common Stock
HEADER_71:
The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, and the value of your investment could decline.
HEADER_72:
Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales might occur, could reduce the market price that our common stock might otherwise attain and may dilute your voting power and your ownership interest in us. 
HEADER_73:
Insiders have substantial control over us, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control.
HEADER_74:
We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
HEADER_75:
If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research reports about our business or prospects, the market price of our common stock and trading volume could decline. 
HEADER_76:
Our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage takeover attempts and lead to management entrenchment.
HEADER_77:
The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders.
