HEADER_1:
Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes report, before making an investment decision. We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Our business could be adversely affected by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
HEADER_3:
We expect our revenue growth rate to continue to decline, and we expect to continue to incur losses in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP.
HEADER_4:
We have recently introduced products in new markets that are important to our growth prospects and for which we do not have an operating history. If we are unsuccessful in competing in these new markets, our revenue growth rate, business and operating results will be adversely affected. 
HEADER_5:
If we are unsuccessful in increasing our rate of growth in new geographic markets, our revenue growth rate, business and operating results will be adversely affected.
HEADER_6:
We expect competition to cause the sales prices of our products to decline, which may harm our financial results.
HEADER_7:
If we fail to meet the financial performance expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially.
HEADER_8:
Lawsuits against us by third-parties that allege we infringe their intellectual property rights could harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_9:
If we suffer a cyber-security event we may lose customers, lose future sales, experience business interruption and injury to our competitive position, and incur significant liabilities, any of which would harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_10:
Disruptions in our services could damage our customers’ businesses, subject us to substantial liability and harm our reputation and financial results.
HEADER_11:
If we are unable to continuously enhance our products and services to deliver consumer product-like experiences, mobility, messaging and ease of use, they could become less competitive or obsolete and our business and operating results will be adversely affected.
HEADER_12:
The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively our business and operating results will be adversely affected.
HEADER_13:
If we lose key employees or are unable to attract and retain the employees we need, our business and operating results will be adversely affected.
HEADER_14:
Our revenue growth rate, business and operating results will be adversely affected if we fail to effectively expand our sales and marketing capabilities.
HEADER_15:
Our business depends substantially on our existing customers purchasing additional subscriptions from us and renewing their subscriptions upon expiration of their subscription term. Any decline in customer additional purchases or renewals would harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_16:
Our revenue growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties and their continued performance.
HEADER_17:
Privacy laws and concerns, evolving regulation of cloud computing, and the changes in laws, regulations and standards related to the Internet may cause our business to suffer.
HEADER_18:
Prospective customers that have not yet embraced cloud computing solutions may continue to be reluctant, slow, or unwilling to do so, any of which could harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_19:
Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could harm our financial results.
HEADER_20:
Because we recognize revenues from our subscription service over the subscription term, downturns or upturns in new sales and renewals will not be immediately reflected in our operating results.
HEADER_21:
Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate could harm our financial results.
HEADER_22:
We may acquire or invest in companies and technologies, which may divert our management’s attention, and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions or investments.
HEADER_23:
A portion of our revenues are generated by sales to government entities and heavily regulated organizations, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks.
HEADER_24:
Our sales cycles are long, and if they lengthen further, or if our substantial upfront sales investments do not result in sufficient sales, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_25:
Sales to customers outside North America expose us to risks inherent in international sales.
HEADER_26:
Our intellectual property protections may not provide us with a competitive advantage, and defending our intellectual property may result in substantial expenses that harm our operating results.
HEADER_27:
Our use of open source software could harm our ability to sell our services and subject us to possible litigation.
HEADER_28:
If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected.
HEADER_29:
Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could harm our business.
HEADER_30:
Weakened global economic conditions may harm our industry, business and results of operations.
HEADER_31:
Risks Related to Our 0% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018, or the Notes
HEADER_32:
Although the Notes are referred to as convertible senior notes, they are effectively subordinated to any of our secured debt and any liabilities of our subsidiaries.
HEADER_33:
Recent and future regulatory actions and other events may adversely affect the trading price and liquidity of the Notes.
HEADER_34:
We may still incur substantially more debt or take other actions which would diminish our ability to make payments on the Notes when due.
HEADER_35:
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes in cash or to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Notes.
HEADER_36:
The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
HEADER_37:
The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results.
HEADER_38:
Holders of Notes will not be entitled to any rights with respect to our common stock, but they will be subject to all changes made with respect to them to the extent our conversion obligation includes shares of our common stock.
HEADER_39:
The conditional conversion feature of the Notes could result in note holders receiving less than the value of our common stock into which the Notes would otherwise be convertible.
HEADER_40:
Upon conversion of the Notes, note holders may receive less valuable consideration than expected because the value of our common stock may decline after holders exercise their conversion right but before we settle our conversion obligation.
HEADER_41:
The Notes are not protected by restrictive covenants.
HEADER_42:
The increase in the conversion rate for Notes converted in connection with a make-whole fundamental change may not adequately compensate holders of the Notes for any lost value of the Notes as a result of such transaction.
HEADER_43:
The conversion rate of the Notes may not be adjusted for all dilutive events.
HEADER_44:
Provisions in the indenture for the Notes may deter or prevent a business combination that may be favorable to note holders.
HEADER_45:
Some significant restructuring transactions may not constitute a fundamental change, in which case we would not be obligated to offer to repurchase the Notes.
HEADER_46:
We have not registered the Notes or the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes, if any, which will limit the ability of note holders to resell them.
HEADER_47:
We cannot guarantee an active trading market for the Notes.
HEADER_48:
Any adverse rating of the Notes may cause their trading price to fall.
HEADER_49:
Note holders may be subject to tax if we make or fail to make certain adjustments to the conversion rate of the Notes even though note holders do not receive a corresponding cash distribution.
HEADER_50:
Future sales of our common stock in the public market could lower the market price for our common stock and adversely impact the trading price of the Notes.
HEADER_51:
The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of the Notes and our common stock.
HEADER_52:
We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Note Hedge transactions.
HEADER_53:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
HEADER_54:
The market price of our common stock has historically been and is likely to continue to be volatile, could adversely impact the trading price of the Notes and could subject us to litigation.
HEADER_55:
We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to changes in the value of our common stock.
HEADER_56:
Provisions in our charter documents, Delaware law and our Notes might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock.
