CONTENT_1:
Our success depends in large part on our ability to develop and introduce new products that address customer requirements and compete effectively on the basis of price, density, functionality, power consumption and performance. Consolidation in our industry may increasingly mean that our competitors have greater resources, or other synergies, that provide them with a competitive advantage in those regards. The success of new product introductions is dependent upon several factors, including: &#8226;timely completion of new product designs; &#8226;ability to generate new design opportunities and design wins; &#8226;availability of specialized field application engineering resources supporting demand creation and customer adoption of new products; &#8226;ability to utilize advanced manufacturing process technologies on circuit geometries of 28nm and smaller; &#8226;achieving acceptable yields; &#8226;ability to obtain adequate production capacity from our wafer foundries and assembly and test subcontractors; &#8226;ability to obtain advanced packaging; &#8226;availability of supporting software design tools; &#8226;utilization of predefined IP logic; &#8226;customer acceptance of advanced features in our new products; &#8226;ability of our customers to complete their product designs and bring them to market; and&#8226;market acceptance of our customers' products. Our product development efforts may not be successful, our new products may not achieve industry acceptance and we may not achieve the necessary volume of production that would lead to further per unit cost reductions. Revenues relating to our mature products are expected to decline in the future, which is normal for our product life cycles. As a result, we may be increasingly dependent on revenues derived from design wins for our newer products as well as anticipated cost reductions in the manufacture of our current products. We rely primarily on obtaining yield improvements and corresponding cost reductions in the manufacture of existing products, and on introducing new products that incorporate advanced features and other price/performance factors that enable us to increase revenues while maintaining consistent margins. To the extent that such cost reductions and new product 14Table of Contentsintroductions do not occur in a timely manner, or to the extent that our products do not achieve market acceptance at prices with higher margins, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.&#160;
CONTENT_2:
Most of our wafers are manufactured in Taiwan by UMC and by TSMC for our newest products. In addition, we also have wafers manufactured in South Korea by Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Terms with respect to the volume and timing of wafer production and the pricing of wafers produced by the semiconductor foundries are determined by periodic negotiations between Xilinx and these wafer foundries, which usually result in short-term agreements that do not provide for long-term supply or allocation commitments. We are dependent on these foundries to supply the substantial majority of our wafers. We rely on UMC, TSMC and our other foundries to produce wafers with competitive performance attributes. Therefore, the foundries, particularly TSMC who manufactures our newest products, must be able to transition to advanced manufacturing process technologies and increased wafer sizes, produce wafers at acceptable yields and deliver them in a timely manner. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that the foundries that supply our wafers will offer us competitive pricing terms or other commercial terms important to our business. We cannot guarantee that our foundries will not experience manufacturing problems, including delays in the realization of advanced manufacturing process technologies or difficulties due to limitations of new and existing process technologies. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee the foundries will be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of our products or that they will continue to manufacture a product for the full life of the product. In addition, weak economic conditions may adversely impact the financial health and viability of the foundries and result in their insolvency or their inability to meet their commitments to us. For example, we may experience supply shortages due to the difficulties foundries may encounter if they must rapidly increase their production capacities from low utilization levels to high utilization levels because of an unexpected increase in demand. We may also experience supply shortages due to very strong demand for our products and a surge in demand for semiconductors in general, which may lead to tightening of foundry capacity across the industry. The insolvency of a foundry or any significant manufacturing problem or insufficient foundry capacity would disrupt our operations and negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_3:
The independent foundries, upon which we rely to manufacture our products, as well as our California and Singapore facilities, are located in regions that are subject to earthquakes and other natural disasters. UMC's and TSMC's foundries in Taiwan and our assembly and test partners in other regions as well as many of our operations in California are centered in areas that have been seismically active in the recent past and some areas have been affected by other natural disasters such as typhoons. Any catastrophic event in these locations will disrupt our operations, including our manufacturing activities, and our insurance may not cover losses resulting from such disruptions of our operations.  This type of disruption could result in our inability to manufacture or ship products, thereby materially adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations.  For example, as a result of the March 2011 earthquake in Japan, production at the Seiko foundry at Sakata was halted temporarily, impacting production of some of our older devices.  In addition, suppliers of wafers and substrates were forced to halt production temporarily.  Disruption of operations at these foundries for any reason, including other natural disasters such as typhoons, tsunamis, volcano eruptions, fires or floods, as well as disruptions in access to adequate supplies of electricity, natural gas or water could cause delays in shipments of our products, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Furthermore, natural disasters can also indirectly impact us.&#160; For example, our customers' supply of other complimentary products may be disrupted by a natural disaster and may cause them to delay orders of our products. More vertically-integrated competitors may be less exposed to some or all of these and other risks.
CONTENT_4:
During the past five years, global consumer confidence eroded amidst concerns over declining asset values, inflation, volatility in energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, rising unemployment, and the stability and solvency of financial institutions, financial markets, businesses and sovereign nations, among other concerns. These concerns slowed global economic growth and resulted in recessions in numerous countries, including many of those in North America, Europe and Asia. The financial condition of certain sovereign nations, particularly in Europe, is of continuing concern as the sovereign debt crisis remains unresolved.  These weak economic conditions resulted in reduced customer demand and had a negative impact on our results of operations in some parts of fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013. If weak economic conditions return, there may be a number of negative effects on our business, including customers or potential customers reducing or delaying orders, the insolvency of key suppliers, potentially causing production delays, the inability of customers to obtain credit, and the insolvency of one or more 15Table of Contentscustomers. Any of these effects could impact our ability to effectively manage inventory levels and collect receivables and ultimately decrease our net revenues and profitability.
CONTENT_5:
The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and our financial performance has been affected by downturns in the industry. Down cycles are generally characterized by price erosion and weaker demand for our products. Weaker demand for our products resulting from economic conditions in the end markets we serve and reduced capital spending by our customers can result, and in the past has resulted, in excess and obsolete inventories and corresponding inventory write-downs. We attempt to identify changes in market conditions as soon as possible; however, the dynamics of the market in which we operate make prediction of and timely reaction to such events difficult. Due to these and other factors, our past results are not reliable predictors of our future results.
CONTENT_6:
In addition to the challenging market conditions we may face, we have limited visibility into the demand for our products, particularly new products, because demand for our products depends upon our products being designed into our end customers' products and those products achieving market acceptance. Due to the complexity of our customers' designs, the design to volume production process for our customers requires a substantial amount of time, frequently longer than a year. In addition to this, other factors may affect our end customers' demand for our products, including, but not limited to, end customer program delays and the ability of end customers to secure other complimentary products. We also are dependent upon "turns," orders received and turned for shipment in the same quarter. These factors make it difficult for us to forecast future sales and project quarterly revenues. The difficulty in forecasting future sales impairs our ability to project our inventory requirements, which could result, and in the past has resulted, in inventory write-downs or failure to meet customer product demands in a timely manner. In addition, difficulty in forecasting revenues compromises our ability to provide forward-looking revenue and earnings guidance.
CONTENT_7:
Our PLDs compete in the IC industry, an industry that is intensely competitive, continues to consolidate, and is characterized by rapid technological change, increasing levels of integration, product obsolescence and continuous price erosion. We expect increased competition from our primary PLD competitors, Altera (part of Intel), Lattice and Microsemi, and from new market entrants. In addition, competition from the ASIC market and from the ASSP market continues. We believe that important competitive factors in the logic IC industry include: &#8226;product pricing; &#8226;time-to-market; &#8226;product performance, reliability, quality, power consumption and density; &#8226;field upgradeability; &#8226;adaptability of products to specific applications; &#8226;ease of use and functionality of software design tools; &#8226;availability and functionality of predefined IP logic; &#8226;inventory and supply chain management; &#8226;access to leading-edge process technology and assembly capacity;  &#8226;ability to provide timely customer service and support; and&#8226;access to advanced packaging technology.Our strategy for expansion in the logic market includes continued introduction of new product architectures that address high-volume, low-cost and low-power applications as well as high-performance, high-density applications. However, we may not be successful in executing this strategy.  In addition, we anticipate continued pressure from our customers to reduce prices, which may outpace our ability to lower the cost for established products. Other competitors include manufacturers of:&#8226;high-density programmable logic products characterized by FPGA type architectures; &#8226;high-volume and low-cost FPGAs as programmable replacements for ASICs and ASSPs; &#8226;ASICs and ASSPs with incremental amounts of embedded programmable logic; &#8226;high-speed, low-density complex programmable logic devices; &#8226;high-performance digital signal processing devices; 16Table of Contents&#8226;products with embedded processors; &#8226;products with embedded multi-gigabit transceivers; and &#8226;other new or emerging programmable logic products. Several companies have introduced products that compete with ours or have announced their intention to sell PLD products. To the extent that our efforts to compete are not successful, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The benefits of programmable logic have attracted a number of competitors to this segment. We recognize that different applications require different programmable technologies, and we are developing architectures, processes and products to meet these varying customer needs. Recognizing the increasing importance of standard software solutions, we have developed common software design tools that support the full range of our IC products. We believe that automation and ease of design are significant competitive factors in this segment. We could also face competition from our licensees. In the past we have granted limited rights to other companies with respect to certain aspects of our older technology, and we may do so in the future. Granting such rights may enable these companies to manufacture and market products that may be competitive with some of our older products.
CONTENT_8:
If greater demand for wafers is not offset by an increase in foundry capacity, market demand for wafers or production and assembly materials increases, or if a supplier of our wafers or other materials ceases or suspends operations, our supply of wafers and other materials could become limited. Such shortages raise the likelihood of potential wafer price increases, wafer shortages or shortages in materials at production and test facilities, resulting in potential inability to address customer product demands in a timely manner. For example, when certain suppliers were forced to temporarily halt production as the result of a natural disaster, this resulted in a tightening of supply for those materials.  Such shortages of wafers and materials as well as increases in wafer or materials prices could adversely affect our gross margins and would adversely affect our ability to meet customer demands and lead to reduced revenue.
CONTENT_9:
Resale of product through Avnet accounted for 50%&#32;of our worldwide net revenues in fiscal 2016&#32;and as of April&#160;2, 2016, Avnet accounted for 75%&#32;of our total net accounts receivable. Any adverse change to our relationship with Avnet or our remaining distributors could have a material impact on our business. Furthermore, if a key distributor materially defaults on a contract or otherwise fails to perform, our business and financial results would suffer. In addition, we are subject to concentrations of credit risk in our trade accounts receivable, which includes accounts of our distributors. A significant reduction of effort by a distributor to sell our products or a material change in our relationship with one or more distributors may reduce our access to certain end customers and adversely affect our ability to sell our products.  In addition, the financial health of our distributors and our continuing relationships with them are important to our success. Unpredictable economic conditions may adversely impact the financial health of some of these distributors, particularly our smaller distributors. This could result in the insolvency of certain distributors, the inability of distributors to obtain credit to finance the purchase of our products, or cause distributors to delay payment of their obligations to us and increase our credit risk exposure. Our business could be harmed if the financial health of these distributors impairs their performance and we are unable to secure alternate distributors.
CONTENT_10:
We are dependent on subcontractors to provide semiconductor assembly, substrate, test and shipment services. Any prolonged inability to obtain wafers with competitive performance and cost attributes, adequate yields or timely delivery, any disruption in assembly, test or shipment services, delays in stabilizing manufacturing processes and ramping up volume for new products, transitions to new service providers or any other circumstance that would require us to seek alternative sources of supply, could delay shipments and have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demands. In addition, unpredictable economic conditions may adversely impact the financial health and viability of these subcontractors and result in their insolvency or their inability to meet their commitments to us. These factors would result in reduced net revenues and could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.17Table of Contents
CONTENT_11:
A number of factors, including yield, wafer pricing, product mix, market acceptance of our new products, competitive pricing dynamics, geographic and/or market segment pricing strategies can cause our gross margins to fluctuate. In addition, forecasting our gross margins is difficult because a significant portion of our business is based on turns within the same quarter.Our inventory levels have recently been higher than historical norms due to weaker than anticipated sales and a planned increase in safety stock across newer technologies in anticipation of future revenue growth.  In the event demand does not materialize, we may be subject to incremental obsolescence costs. In addition, future product cost reductions could have an increased impact on our inventory valuation, which would then impact our operating results.
CONTENT_12:
The average selling prices of our products generally decline as the products mature. We seek to offset the decrease in selling prices through yield improvement, manufacturing cost reductions and increased unit sales. We also continue to develop higher value products or product features that increase, or slow the decline of, the average selling price of our products. However, there is no guarantee that our ongoing efforts will be successful or that they will keep pace with the decline in selling prices of our products, which could ultimately lead to a decline in revenues and have a negative effect on our gross margins.
CONTENT_13:
In addition to our U.S. operations, we also have significant international operations, including foreign sales offices to support our international customers and distributors, our regional headquarters in Ireland and Singapore and an R&amp;D site in India. Our international operations have grown because we have established certain operations and administrative functions outside the U.S.  Sales and operations outside of the U.S. subject us to the risks associated with conducting business in foreign economic and regulatory environments. Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions in countries in which we do significant business or by changes in foreign currency exchange rates affecting those countries. We derive over one-half of our revenues from international sales, primarily in the Asia Pacific region, Europe and Japan. Past economic weaknesses in these markets adversely affected revenues. Sales to all direct OEMs and distributors are denominated in U.S. dollars. While the recent movements of the Euro and Yen exchange rates against the U.S. dollar had no material impact to our business, increased volatility could impact our European and Japanese customers. Currency instability and volatility and disruptions in the credit and capital markets may increase credit risks for some of our customers and may impair our customers' ability to repay existing obligations. Increased currency volatility could also positively or negatively impact our foreign-currency-denominated costs, assets and liabilities. In addition, any devaluation of the U.S. dollar relative to other foreign currencies may increase the operating expenses of our foreign subsidiaries adversely affecting our results of operations. Furthermore, because we are increasingly dependent on the global economy, instability in worldwide economic environments occasioned, for example, directly or indirectly by political instability, terrorist activity, U.S. or other military actions, and international sanctions or other diplomatic actions (potentially including sanctions adopted or under consideration by the U.S. or European Union with respect to Russia  or Russian individuals or businesses), could adversely impact economic activity and lead to a contraction of capital spending by our customers generally or in specific regions. Any or all of these factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations in the future.
CONTENT_14:
In addition to international sales and support operations and development activities, we purchase our wafers from foreign foundries, have our commercial products assembled, packaged and tested by subcontractors located outside the U.S. and utilize third party warehouse operators to store and manage inventory levels for certain of our products.  All of these activities are subject to the uncertainties associated with international business operations, including global laws and regulations, trade barriers, economic sanctions, tax regulations, import and export regulations, duties and tariffs and other trade restrictions, changes in trade policies, anti-corruption laws, foreign governmental regulations, potential vulnerability of and reduced protection for IP, longer receivable collection periods and disruptions or delays in production or shipments, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or operating results. For example, on March 8, 2016, the U.S. Department of Commerce added ZTE Corporation to its "Entity List" and placed certain export restrictions on ZTE and its suppliers. While on March 24th, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced a temporary relief from the sanction until June 30, 2016, the announced restrictions could cause a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition and/or operating results.  Additional factors that could adversely affect us due to our international operations include rising oil prices and increased costs of natural resources. Moreover, 18Table of Contentsour financial condition and results of operations could be affected in the event of political conflicts or economic crises in countries where our main wafer providers, warehouses, end customers and contract manufacturers who provide assembly and test services worldwide, are located. Adverse change to the circumstances or conditions of our international business operations could have a material adverse effect on our business.
CONTENT_15:
Our cash, short-term and long-term investments represent significant assets that may be subject to fluctuating or even negative returns depending upon interest rate movements, changes in credit rating and financial market conditions.  Global credit market disruptions and economic slowdown and uncertainty have in the past negatively impacted the values of various types of investment and non-investment grade securities. The global credit and capital markets may again experience significant volatility and disruption due to instability in the global financial system, uncertainty related to global economic conditions and concerns regarding sovereign financial stability.Therefore, there is a risk that we may incur other-than-temporary impairment charges for certain types of investments should credit market conditions deteriorate or the underlying assets fail to perform as anticipated. Our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or if the decline in fair values of our debt securities is judged to be other than temporary. Furthermore, we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates or financial market conditions.
CONTENT_16:
We rely upon patent, copyright, trade secret, mask work and trademark laws to protect our IP. We cannot provide assurance that such IP rights can be successfully asserted in the future or will not be invalidated, violated, circumvented or challenged. From time to time, third parties, including our competitors, have asserted against us patent, copyright and other IP rights to technologies that are important to us. Third parties may attempt to misappropriate our IP through electronic or other means or assert infringement claims against our indemnities or us in the future. Such assertions by third parties may result in costly litigation, indemnity claims or other legal actions, and we may not prevail in such matters or be able to license any valid and infringed patents from third parties on commercially reasonable terms. This could result in the loss of our ability to import and sell our products or require us to pay costly royalties to third parties in connection with sales of our products. Any infringement claim, indemnification claim, or impairment or loss of use of our IP could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_17:

CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:
We are subject to the ongoing internal control provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Act). Our controls necessary for continued compliance with the Act may not operate effectively at all times and may result in a material weakness disclosure. The identification of material weaknesses in internal control, if any, could indicate a lack of proper controls to generate accurate financial statements and could cause investors to lose confidence and our stock price to drop.
CONTENT_20:
We depend on the efforts and abilities of certain key members of management and other technical personnel.  Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to retain such personnel and attract and retain other highly qualified personnel, particularly product engineers.  Competition for such personnel is intense and we may not be successful in hiring or retaining new or existing qualified personnel.  From time to time we have effected restructurings which eliminate a number of positions.  Even if such personnel are not directly affected by the restructuring effort, such terminations can have a negative impact on morale and our ability to attract and hire new qualified personnel in the future.  If we lose existing qualified personnel or are unable to hire new qualified personnel, as needed, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously harmed.
CONTENT_21:
From time to time we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise out of the ordinary conduct of our business. The amount of damages alleged in certain legal claims may be significant. For example, in December 2013, we entered into a Settlement and License Agreement with PACT XPP Technologies, AG&#32;(PACT) in which the parties agreed to dismiss with prejudice all outstanding patent litigation among us, Avnet and PACT.  As part of the settlement, we agreed to pay PACT a lump sum of $33.5 million. Certain other claims involving the Company are not yet resolved, including those that are discussed under Item 3. "Legal Proceedings," included in Part I of this Form 10-K, and additional claims may arise in the future. Results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of its merit, litigation may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and cause significant expense and diversion of management attention and we may enter into material settlements to avoid these risks. Should we fail to prevail in certain matters, or should several of these matters be resolved against us in the same reporting period, we may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us that would materially and adversely affect a portion of our business and might materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
CONTENT_22:
We develop complex and evolving products that include both hardware and software. Despite our testing efforts and those of our subcontractors, defects may be found in existing or new products. These defects may cause us to incur significant warranty, support and repair or replacement costs, divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts and harm our relationships with customers. Subject to certain terms and conditions, we have agreed to compensate certain customers for limited specified costs they actually incur in the event our hardware products experience epidemic failure. As a result, epidemic failure and other performance problems could result in claims against us, the delay or loss of market acceptance of our products and would likely harm our business. Our customers could also seek damages from us for their losses.In addition, we could be subject to product liability claims. A product liability claim brought against us, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly to defend. Product liability risks are particularly significant with respect to aerospace, automotive and medical applications because of the risk of serious harm to users of these products. Any product liability claim, whether or not determined in our favor, could result in significant expense, divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, and harm our business.20Table of Contents
CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:
We market and sell our products directly to OEMs and through authorized third-party distributors which helps to ensure that products delivered to our customers are authentic and properly handled.&#160; From time to time, customers may purchase products bearing our name from the unauthorized "gray market."&#160; &#160;These parts may be counterfeit, salvaged or re-marked parts, or parts that have been altered, mishandled, or damaged.&#160; Gray market products result in shadow inventory that is not visible to us, thus making it difficult to forecast supply or demand.&#160; Also, when gray market products enter the market, we and our authorized distributors may compete with brokers of these discounted products, which can adversely affect demand for our products and negatively impact our margins. &#160;In addition, our reputation with customers may be negatively impacted when gray market products bearing our name fail or are found to be substandard.
CONTENT_26:
In accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the SEC established disclosure and reporting requirements for those companies who use "conflict" minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries in their products, whether or not these products are manufactured by third parties. These requirements could affect the sourcing and availability of minerals used in the manufacture of our semiconductor products. There will also be costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, including for due diligence in regard to the sources of any conflict minerals used in our products, in addition to the cost of remediation and other changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities.  We may face reputational challenges if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all minerals used in our products through the due diligence process we implement. Moreover, we may encounter challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products are certified as conflict free.21Table of Contents
CONTENT_27:

CONTENT_28:

CONTENT_29:
As of April&#160;2, 2016&#32;we had 2.00 billion authorized common shares, of which 253.7 million&#32;shares were outstanding. In addition, 30.3 million common shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to our equity incentive plans and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), 20.0 million common shares were reserved for issuance upon conversion or repurchase of the 2017 Convertible Notes and 20.5 million&#32;common shares were reserved for issuance upon exercise of warrants. The availability of substantial amounts of our common shares resulting from the exercise or settlement of equity awards outstanding under our equity incentive plans or the conversion or repurchase of convertible debentures using common shares, which would be dilutive to existing stockholders, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common shares and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities.
CONTENT_30:
&#32;
CONTENT_31:
The aggregate amount of our consolidated indebtedness as of April&#160;2, 2016&#32;was $1.60 billion (principal amount), which consists of $500.0 million&#32;in aggregate principal amount of our 2.125% Notes due 2019 (2019 Notes), $500.0 million&#32;in aggregate principal amount of our 3.000% Notes due 2021 (2021 Notes) and $600.0 million&#32;in aggregate principal amount of our 2017 Convertible Notes. We also may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness may:&#8226;make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including making scheduled principal and interest payments on the debentures and our other indebtedness;22Table of Contents&#8226;limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate purposes;&#8226;limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes;&#8226;require us to use a portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments;&#8226;limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry;&#8226;place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors;&#8226;increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions; and&#8226;require us to repatriate off-shore cash to the U.S. at unfavorable tax rates.Our ability to meet our debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be subject to financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control.
CONTENT_32:
The indentures governing the 2019 Notes and 2021 Notes contain various covenants limiting our and our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things:&#8226;create certain liens on principal property or the capital stock of certain subsidiaries;&#8226;enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions with respect to principal property; and&#8226;consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all our assets, taken as a whole, to, another person. A failure to comply with these covenants and other provisions in these indentures could result in events of default under the indentures, which could permit acceleration of the 2019 Notes and the 2021 Notes.  Any required repayment as a result of such acceleration could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
CONTENT_33:
&#32;
CONTENT_34:
To hedge against potential dilution upon conversion of the 2017 Convertible Notes, we purchased call options on our common stock from the hedge counterparties. We also sold warrants to the hedge counterparties, which could separately have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants of $41.45&#32;per share. As the hedge counterparties and their respective affiliates modify hedge positions, they may enter or unwind various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchase or sell our common stock in secondary market transactions. This activity also could affect the market price of our common stock and/or debentures, which could affect the ability of the holders of the debentures to convert and the number of shares and value of the consideration that will be received by the holders of the debentures upon conversion.
CONTENT_35:
In the past, we have acquired technology companies whose products complement our products.  We also have made a number of strategic investments in other technology companies.  We may make similar acquisitions and strategic investments in the future.  Acquisitions and strategic investments present risks, including:&#8226;our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management's attention may be diverted by investment, acquisition, transition or integration activities;&#8226;an acquisition or strategic investment may not further our business strategy as we expected, and we may not integrate an acquired company or technology as successfully as we expected;&#8226;our operating results or financial condition may be adversely impacted by claims or liabilities that we assume from an acquired company or technology or that are otherwise related to an acquisition;&#8226;we may have difficulty incorporating acquired technologies or products with our existing product lines;&#8226;we may have higher than anticipated costs in continuing support and development of acquired products, and in general and administrative functions that support such products; &#8226;our strategic investments may not perform as expected; and23Table of Contents&#8226;we may experience unexpected changes in how we are required to account for our acquisitions and strategic investments pursuant to U.S. GAAP.The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, particularly in the case of a larger acquisition or several concurrent acquisitions or strategic investments.<div
