HEADER_1:
Our business is intensely competitive and “hit” driven. We may not deliver “hit” products and services, or consumers may prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own.
HEADER_2:
Our business is dependent on the success and availability of platforms developed by third parties, as well as our ability to develop commercially successful products and services for these platforms.
HEADER_3:
Technology changes rapidly in our business and if we fail to anticipate or
HEADER_4:
successfully implement new technologies or adopt new business strategies, technologies or methods, the quality, timeliness and competitiveness of our products and services may suffer.
HEADER_5:
We may experience security breaches and cyber threats.
HEADER_6:
Our business could be adversely affected if our consumer protection, data privacy and security practices are not adequate, or perceived as being inadequate, to prevent data breaches, or by the application of consumer protection and data privacy and security laws generally.
HEADER_7:
We may experience outages and disruptions of our online services.
HEADER_8:
We may not consistently meet our product development schedules or key events, sports seasons or movies that we tie our product release schedules to may be delayed, cancelled or poorly received.
HEADER_9:
Our financial results are subject to currency fluctuations.
HEADER_10:
We may not attract and retain key personnel.
HEADER_11:
We may experience declines or fluctuations in the recurring portion of our business.
HEADER_12:
We could fail to successfully adopt new business models.
HEADER_13:
We may be unable to maintain or acquire licenses to include intellectual property owned by others in our games, or to maintain or acquire the rights to publish or distribute games developed by others.
HEADER_14:
External game developers may not meet product development schedules or otherwise honor their obligations.
HEADER_15:
Negative player perceptions about our brands, products, services and/or business practices may damage our business and the costs incurred in addressing player concerns may increase our operating expenses.
HEADER_16:
The products or services we release may contain defects.
HEADER_17:
Our business is subject to regulation, and changes in applicable regulations may negatively impact our business.
HEADER_18:
Our marketing and advertising efforts may fail to resonate with our customers.
HEADER_19:
A significant portion of our sales are made to a relatively small number of
HEADER_20:
customers, and these sales may be disrupted.
HEADER_21:
Our channel partners have significant influence over the products and services that we offer on their platforms.
HEADER_22:
Our business is subject to risks generally associated with the entertainment industry.
HEADER_23:
Our business partners may be unable to honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk.
HEADER_24:
We may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights.
HEADER_25:
From time to time we may become involved in other legal proceedings.
HEADER_26:
Acquisitions, investments, divestitures and other strategic transactions could result in
HEADER_27:
operating difficulties and other negative
HEADER_28:
Our products and brands are subject to the threat of piracy, unauthorized copying and other forms of intellectual property infringement.
HEADER_29:
We may experience outages and disruptions of our infrastructure.
HEADER_30:
We utilize debt financing and such indebtedness could adversely impact our business and financial condition.
HEADER_31:
Changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.
HEADER_32:
Our reported financial results could be adversely affected by changes in
HEADER_33:
Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly.
