HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
The risks and uncertainties set forth below, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in other filings by us with the SEC, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to us or that are not currently believed by us to be material may also harm our business operations and financial results. Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting our financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_4:
We depend upon third-party licenses for the right to publicly perform musical works and a change to these licenses could materially increase our content acquisition costs.
HEADER_5:
Changes in third-party licenses for the right to publicly perform musical works may reduce the number of sound recordings available to stream on our service or materially increase our content acquisition costs.
HEADER_6:
Our inability to obtain accurate and comprehensive information necessary to identify the ownership of musical works may impact our ability to obtain necessary licenses from the copyright holders, remove musical works or decrease the number of performances of a particular musical work, subjecting us to potential copyright infringement claims and difficulties in controlling content acquisition costs.
HEADER_7:
Our inability to enter into commercially viable direct licenses with record labels for the right to reproduce and publicly perform sound recordings on our service may delay or prevent our plans to expand our subscription offerings into multiple tiers, including an on-demand offering, and delay or prevent our international expansion.  
HEADER_8:
We plan to operate our expanded subscription offerings under a compulsory license for “mechanical royalties” which could change or cease to exist, therefore hindering our ability to launch new product offerings.
HEADER_9:
Assertions by third parties of violations under state law with respect to the public performance and reproduction of pre-1972 sound recordings could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_10:
If we are unable to maintain revenue growth from our advertising products, particularly in mobile advertising, our results of operations will be materially adversely affected.
HEADER_11:
Advertising spending is increasingly being placed through new data-driven channels, such as the programmatic buying ecosystem, where mobile offerings are not as mature as their web-based equivalents. Because the substantial majority of our listener hours occur on mobile devices, our growth prospects and revenue may be adversely affected if the advertising ecosystem is slow to adopt data-driven mobile advertising offerings.
HEADER_12:
Emerging industry trends in digital advertising measurement and pricing may pose challenges for our ability to forecast and optimize our advertising inventory which may adversely impact our advertising revenue.
HEADER_13:
Our failure to convince advertisers of the benefits of our service in the future could harm our business.
HEADER_14:
Unavailability of, or fluctuations in, third-party measurements of our audience may adversely affect our ability to grow advertising revenue.
HEADER_15:
The lack of accurate cross-platform measurements for internet radio and broadcast radio may adversely affect our ability to grow advertising revenue.
HEADER_16:
If we fail to detect click fraud or other invalid clicks on ads, we could lose the confidence of our advertisers, which would cause our business to suffer.
HEADER_17:
If we are unable to continue to make our technology compatible with the technologies of third-party distribution partners who make our service available to our listeners through mobile devices, consumer electronic products and automobiles, we may not remain competitive and our business may fail to grow or decline.
HEADER_18:
If our efforts to attract prospective listeners and to retain existing listeners are not successful, our growth prospects and revenue will be adversely affected.
HEADER_19:
If we fail to accurately predict and play music, comedy or other content that our listeners enjoy, we may fail to retain existing and attract new listeners.
HEADER_20:
We face, and will continue to face, competition with other content providers for listener hours and advertising spending.
HEADER_21:
If our efforts to attract and retain subscribers are not successful, our business may be adversely affected.
HEADER_22:
If we are unsuccessful at launching expanded subscription offerings or converting listeners into subscribers of such subscription offerings, our business may be adversely affected.
HEADER_23:
If we are not successful in operating and growing our recently acquired Ticketfly business, we will not realize the benefits anticipated when we acquired the business.
HEADER_24:
We face many risks associated with our long-term plan to further expand our operations outside of the United States, including difficulties obtaining rights to music and other content on favorable terms.
HEADER_25:
Expansion of our operations into content beyond pre-recorded music, including comedy, live events and podcasts, subjects us to additional business, legal, financial and competitive risks.
HEADER_26:
We have acquired, and may continue to acquire, other companies or technologies, which could divert our management’s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results.
HEADER_27:
Our ability to increase the number of our listeners will depend in part on our ability to establish and maintain relationships with automakers, automotive suppliers and consumer electronics manufacturers with products that integrate our service.
HEADER_28:
We rely upon an agreement with DoubleClick, which is owned by Google, for delivering and monitoring most of our ads. Failure to renew the agreement on favorable terms, or termination of the agreement, could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_29:
We rely on third parties to provide software and related services necessary for the operation of our business.
HEADER_30:
Digital music streaming is an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our near- and long-term business prospects.
HEADER_31:
We have incurred significant operating losses in the past and may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to be profitable.
HEADER_32:
If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results may suffer.
HEADER_33:
Our business and prospects depend on the strength of our brands and failure to maintain and enhance our brands would harm our ability to expand our base of listeners, advertisers and other partners.
HEADER_34:
We could be adversely affected by regulatory restrictions on the use of mobile and other electronic devices in motor vehicles and legal claims arising from use of such devices while driving.
HEADER_35:
Federal, state and industry regulations as well as self-regulation related to privacy and data security concerns pose the threat of lawsuits and other liability, require us to expend significant resources, and may hinder our ability and our advertisers’ ability to deliver relevant advertising.
HEADER_36:
Government regulation of the internet is evolving, and unfavorable developments could have an adverse effect on our operating results.
HEADER_37:
Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations.
HEADER_38:
If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected.
HEADER_39:
We may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances. If capital is not available to us, our business, operating results and financial condition may be harmed.
HEADER_40:
Failure to protect our intellectual property could substantially harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_41:
Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violation by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_42:
Some of our services and technologies may use “open source” software, which may restrict how we use or distribute our service or require that we release the source code of certain services subject to those licenses.
HEADER_43:
Interruptions or delays in service arising from our own systems or from our third-party vendors could impair the delivery of our service and harm our business.
HEADER_44:
If our security systems are breached, we may face civil liability and public perception of our security measures could be diminished, either of which would negatively affect our ability to attract and retain listeners and advertisers.
HEADER_45:
We are subject to a number of risks related to credit card and debit card payments we accept.
HEADER_46:
Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited.
HEADER_47:
We could be subject to additional income tax liabilities.
HEADER_48:
Our Ticketfly business and venue partners may be subject to sales tax and other taxes.
HEADER_49:
We depend on key personnel to operate our business, and if we are unable to retain, attract and integrate qualified personnel, our ability to develop and successfully grow our business could be harmed.
HEADER_50:
If we cannot maintain our corporate culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork and focus that contribute crucially to our business.
HEADER_51:
The impact of worldwide economic conditions, including the effect on advertising budgets and discretionary entertainment spending behavior, may adversely affect our business and operating results.
HEADER_52:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural catastrophic events and to interruption by man-made problems such as cyber-security incidents or terrorism.
HEADER_53:
We may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to make payments on our indebtedness.
HEADER_54:
The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
HEADER_55:
The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results.
HEADER_56:
Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock
HEADER_57:
Our stock price has been and will likely continue to be volatile, and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline.
HEADER_58:
If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research about our business, publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or make projections that exceed our actual results, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_59:
Our charter documents, Delaware law and certain terms of our music licensing arrangements could discourage takeover attempts and lead to management entrenchment.
