HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
Adverse or uncertain economic conditions may materially adversely affect us.
HEADER_3:
Our operating results are difficult to predict, and fluctuations may cause volatility in the trading price of our common stock.
HEADER_4:
The success of our business depends heavily on our ability to effectively market our Enterprise products, and our business could be materially adversely affected if markets do not develop as expected or we are unable to compete successfully.
HEADER_5:
If we fail to accurately forecast demand we may under or overestimate production requirements resulting in lost business or write offs of excess inventory which may materially harm our business, reputation and results of operations.
HEADER_6:
If our suppliers and sub-suppliers cannot timely deliver sufficient quantities of quality materials and components and finished products, our ability to fulfill customer demand may be adversely impacted and our growth, business, reputation and financial condition may be materially adversely effected.
HEADER_7:
Prices of certain raw materials and components may rise depending upon global market conditions which may adversely affect our margins.
HEADER_8:
We have strong competitors and expect to face additional competition from existing and new market participants in the future.  If we are unable to compete effectively, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
HEADER_9:
The markets for our Consumer products are volatile and our ability to compete successfully in one or more of these categories is subject to many risks.
HEADER_10:
We are exposed to differences and frequent fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect our revenues, gross profit, and profitability.
HEADER_11:
In May 2015 we issued $500.0 million of 5.50% senior unsecured notes and entered into an Amended and Restated $100.0 million revolving line of credit facility.  Issuance of the notes and any draws against the credit facility may adversely affect our future financial condition and financial results.
HEADER_12:
We cannot guarantee we will continue to repurchase our common stock pursuant to stock repurchase programs or that we will declare future dividend payments at historic rates or at all.  The repurchase of our common stock and the payment of dividends may require us to borrow against our credit agreement or incur indebtedness and may not achieve our objectives.
HEADER_13:
Our corporate tax rate may increase or we may incur additional income tax liabilities, which could adversely impact our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_14:
Our business will be materially adversely affected if we are unable to develop, manufacture, and market new products in response to changing customer requirements and new technologies.
HEADER_15:
Our new and evolving service offerings, including Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), are strategically important to our future growth and profitability and our business may be harmed or our revenues and profitability materially hurt if we fail to successfully bring new offerings to market.
HEADER_16:
We have significant manufacturing, assembly and packaging operations in Mexico and rely on third party manufacturers located outside the U.S., and a significant amount of our revenues are generated internationally, each of which subjects our business to risks of international operations.
HEADER_17:
Historically, we have sold our products through various distribution channels that can be volatile.  As we expand our offerings to include more services, the nature and type of our distribution networks needed to effectively sell them are likely to diverge from our historical hardware channels.  Any failure to establish and maintain successful relationships with our channel partners could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.  In addition, customer bankruptcies or financial difficulties may impact our business.
HEADER_18:
We have a number of large customers with substantial market power whose ability to demand pricing and promotion concessions as well as other unfavorable terms makes sales forecasting difficult and harms our profitability.
HEADER_19:
The increased use of software in our products could impact the way we recognize revenue which, if material or done incorrectly, could adversely affect our financial results.
HEADER_20:
As we focus on growth opportunities, we are divesting or discontinuing non-strategic product categories and pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, which could have an adverse impact on our business.
HEADER_21:
Our new service offerings require significant upfront investments and may not be successful.
HEADER_22:
Our intellectual property rights could be infringed on by others, and we may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others resulting in claims or lawsuits.  Even if we prevail, claims and lawsuits are costly and time consuming to pursue or defend and may divert management's time from our business.
HEADER_23:
We must comply with various regulatory requirements, and changes in or new regulatory requirements may adversely impact our gross margins, reduce our ability to generate revenues if we are unable to comply, or decrease demand for our products if the actual or perceived quality of our products are negatively impacted.
HEADER_24:
We are regularly subject to a wide variety of litigation including commercial and employment litigation as well as claims related to alleged defects in the design and use of our products.
HEADER_25:
Our stock price may be volatile and the value of an investment in our stock could be diminished.
HEADER_26:
Our business could be materially adversely affected if we lose the benefit of the services of key personnel or if we fail to attract, motivate and retain talented new personnel.
HEADER_27:
We are subject to environmental laws and regulations that expose us to a number of risks and could result in significant liabilities and costs.
HEADER_28:
 of goodwill and other intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet.  If the carrying value of our goodwill were to exceed its implied fair value, or if the carrying value of intangible assets were not recoverable, an impairment loss may be recognized, which would adversely affect our financial results.
HEADER_29:
Regulation and unauthorized disclosure of customer, end-user, business partner and employee data could materially harm our business and subject us to significant reputational, legal and operational liabilities.
HEADER_30:
If we are unable to protect our information systems against service interruption, internal and external misappropriation of data or breaches of security, our operations could be disrupted, our reputation may be damaged, and we may be financially liable for damages.
HEADER_31:
War, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters, or other business interruptions could disrupt supply, delivery, or demand of products, which could negatively affect our operations and performance.
HEADER_32:
Provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law or a decision by our Board of Directors in the future may delay or prevent a third party from acquiring us, which could decrease the value of our stock.
