HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Businesses
HEADER_3:
Our proposed acquisition of NXP involves a number of risks, including, among others, the risk that we fail to complete the acquisition, in a timely manner or at all, regulatory risks, risks associated with our use of a significant portion of our cash and our taking on significant indebtedness, other financial risks, integration risks, and risk associated with the reactions of customers, suppliers and employees.
HEADER_4:
There are risks associated with our indebtedness
HEADER_5:
We may engage in strategic acquisitions, transactions or make investments that could adversely affect our financial results or fail to enhance stockholder value
HEADER_6:
Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions and upgrades of CDMA, OFDMA and other communications technologies; our customers’ and licensees’ sales of products and services based on these technologies; and customers’ demand for our products and services.
HEADER_7:
Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products and/or those of our customers and/or licensees.
HEADER_8:
We derive a significant portion of our consolidated revenues from a small number of customers and licensees. If revenues derived from these customers or licensees decrease or the timing of such revenues fluctuates, our operating results could be negatively affected.
HEADER_9:
We derive a significant portion of our consolidated revenues from the premium-tier device segment. If sales of premium-tier devices decrease, and/or sales of our premium-tier integrated circuit products decrease, our operating results could be negatively affected.
HEADER_10:
Efforts by some communications equipment manufacturers or their customers to avoid paying fair and reasonable royalties for the use of our intellectual property may require the investment of substantial management time and financial resources and may result in legal decisions and/or actions by governments, courts, regulators or agencies, Standards Development Organizations (SDOs) or other industry organizations that harm our business.
HEADER_11:
We are subject to government regulations and policies. Our business may suffer as a result of adverse rulings in government investigations or other proceedings, new or changed laws, regulations or policies and/or our failure or inability to comply with laws, regulations or policies.
HEADER_12:
The enforcement and protection of our intellectual property rights may be expensive, could fail to prevent misappropriation or unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, could result in the loss of our ability to enforce one or more patents, or could be adversely affected by changes in patent laws, by laws in certain foreign jurisdictions that may not effectively protect our intellectual property rights or by ineffective enforcement of laws in such jurisdictions.
HEADER_13:
Our growth increasingly depends on our ability to extend our products and services into new and expanded product areas, such as RFFE, and adjacent industry segments outside of traditional cellular industries, such as the IoT, automotive and computing, among others. Our research, development and other investments in these new and expanded product areas and industry segments, and related technologies, products and services, as well as in our existing technologies, products 
HEADER_14:
and services and new technologies, such as 5G, may not generate operating income or contribute to future operating results that meet our expectations.
HEADER_15:
The continued and future success of our licensing programs can be impacted by the deployment of other technologies in place of technologies based on CDMA, OFDMA and their derivatives; the success of our licensing programs for 4G single mode products and emerging industry segments; and the need to extend license agreements that are expiring and/or to cover additional future patents.
HEADER_16:
We depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the procurement, manufacture and testing of our products. If we fail to execute supply strategies that provide technology leadership, supply assurance and low cost, our operating results and our business may be harmed. We are also subject to order and shipment uncertainties that could negatively impact our operating results. 
HEADER_17:
Claims by other companies that we infringe their intellectual property could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_18:
We may engage in strategic acquisitions, transactions or make investments that could adversely affect our financial results or fail to enhance stockholder value.
HEADER_19:
Our use of open source software may harm our business.
HEADER_20:
Our stock price, earnings and the fair value of our investments are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations and to market downturns.
HEADER_21:
There are risks associated with our indebtedness.
HEADER_22:
Global, regional or local economic conditions that impact the mobile communications industry or the other industries in which we operate could negatively affect the demand for our products and services and our customers’ or licensees’ products and services, which may negatively affect our revenues.
HEADER_23:
We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees.
HEADER_24:
Currency fluctuations could negatively affect future product sales or royalty revenues, harm our ability to collect receivables or increase the U.S. dollar cost of our products.
HEADER_25:
Failures in our products or services or in the products or services of our customers or licensees, including those resulting from security vulnerabilities, defects or errors, could harm our business.
HEADER_26:
Our business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches.
HEADER_27:
Potential tax liabilities could adversely affect our results of operations.
