HEADER_1:
Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results.
HEADER_3:
Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access consumer software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services and business models.
HEADER_4:
Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results.
HEADER_5:
A security breach resulting in third-party access to our sensitive customer and employee information and data could materially disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, significantly damage our reputation, subject us to costly litigation and cause material losses.
HEADER_6:
Privacy and cybersecurity concerns relating to online offerings, including our offerings specifically, as well as the external environment generally, could damage our reputation and deter current and potential customers from adopting our products and services.
HEADER_7:
If we are unable to develop, manage and maintain critical third-party business relationships, our business may be adversely affected.
HEADER_8:
Increased government regulation of our businesses may harm our operating results.
HEADER_9:
If we fail to process transactions effectively or fail to adequately protect against disputed or potential fraudulent activities, our revenue and earnings may be harmed.
HEADER_10:
If we are unable to effectively combat the increasing amount and sophistication of fraudulent activities by third parties using our offerings, we may suffer losses, which may be substantial, and lose the confidence of our customers and government agencies and our revenues and earnings may be harmed.
HEADER_11:
Third parties claiming that we infringe their proprietary rights may cause us to incur significant legal expenses and prevent us from selling our products.
HEADER_12:
We rely on third-party intellectual property in our products and services.
HEADER_13:
Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand.
HEADER_14:
Because competition for our key employees is intense, we may not be able to attract, retain and develop the highly skilled employees we need to support our planned growth.
HEADER_15:
The nature of our products and services necessitates timely product launches and if we experience significant product quality problems or delays, it may harm our revenue, earnings and reputation.
HEADER_16:
Our Consumer Tax business is highly seasonal and our quarterly results could fluctuate significantly.
HEADER_17:
We are frequently a party to litigation and regulatory inquiries which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
HEADER_18:
Adverse global economic conditions could harm our business and financial condition.
HEADER_19:
We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems and software platforms disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_20:
Our international operations are subject to increased risks which may harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
HEADER_21:
If actual product returns exceed returns reserves our future financial results may be harmed.
HEADER_22:
Unanticipated changes in our income tax rates may affect our future financial results.
HEADER_23:
Amortization of acquired intangible assets and impairment charges may cause significant fluctuation in our net income.
HEADER_24:
Our acquisition and divestiture activities may disrupt our ongoing business, may involve increased expenses and may present risks not contemplated at the time of the transactions.
HEADER_25:
We have $1 billion in debt outstanding and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results.
HEADER_26:
We are subject to risks associated with information disseminated through our services.
HEADER_27:
Our stock price may be volatile and your investment could lose value.
HEADER_28:
Our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of our brands.
