CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:
.NVIDIA-branded products and services are visual computing platforms that address four large markets: Gaming, Enterprise, High Performance Computing &amp; Cloud, and Automotive. Our GPUs and Tegra processors are designed to meet the evolving needs of these markets; however, these markets remain extremely competitive, and we expect competition to intensify as current competitors expand their product and/or service offerings, industry standards continue to evolve and new competitors enter these markets. Our success depends to a significant extent on our ability to identify and develop new products, services and technologies, and enhancements to our existing products, services and technologies, in a timely and cost-effective manner and to achieve consumer and market acceptance of our products, services and technologies.If we are unable to successfully compete in our target markets, including in significant international markets, such as China, demand for our products, services and technologies could decrease which would cause our revenue to decline and our financial results to suffer. In addition, if we fail to anticipate the changing needs of our target markets and emerging technology trends, our business will be harmed.&#160;Our competitors&#8217; products, services and technologies may be less costly, or their products, services and technologies may offer superior functionality or different features than ours. In addition, many of our competitors operate and maintain their own fabrication facilities and have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases, and greater financial, sales, marketing and distribution resources than we do. These competitors may be able to more effectively identify and capitalize upon opportunities in new markets, quickly transition their semiconductor products to increasingly smaller line width geometries and obtain sufficient foundry capacity and packaging materials, which could harm our business.
CONTENT_5:
For our products that we do not sell directly to consumers, achieving design wins is an integral part of our future success. Our OEM, ODM, and AIB and motherboard manufacturers' customers typically introduce new system configurations as often as twice per year, typically based on spring and fall design cycles or in connection with trade shows. If OEMs, ODMs, and AIB and motherboard manufacturers do not include our products in their systems, they will typically not use our products in their systems until at least the next design configuration. In order to achieve design wins, we must:&#8226;anticipate the features and functionality that customers and consumers will demand;&#8226;incorporate those features and functionalities into products that meet the exacting design requirements of&#160;our&#160;customers; and&#8226;price our products competitively.In general, we are limited in our ability to introduce new products and enhancements to our customers' design cycles and we must maintain compliance with evolving industry standards.  Unanticipated changes in industry standards could render our products incompatible with products developed by major hardware manufacturers and software developers. If our products are not in compliance with prevailing industry standards, our customers may not incorporate our products into their design strategies.12Table of Contents
CONTENT_6:
We intend to license our GPU cores and visual computing patent portfolio to device manufacturers who offer products in markets such as mobile. The extent of the demand to license our GPU cores or other elements of our visual computing patent portfolio is unknown and may be limited. In addition, we may not be able to renew our existing license agreements. In January 2011, we entered into a patent cross licensing agreement under which Intel agreed to pay us an aggregate of $1.50 billion over six years. The final $200.0 million payment under this agreement is scheduled to be received in January 2016, and recognized as revenue into the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. If we are unable to enter into new licensing agreements or renew our existing agreements, and these agreements are not offset by other growth in income, our financial results may be adversely affected.
CONTENT_7:
Our products are complex and may contain defects or experience failures or unsatisfactory performance&#160;due to any number of issues in design, fabrication, packaging, materials and/or use within a system. Our products are used by a variety of industries, including the&#160;automotive&#160;industry. Failure of our products to perform to specifications, or other product defects, could lead to substantial damage to the products we sell directly to customers, the end product in which our device has been integrated by OEMs, ODMs, AIBs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers, and to the user of such end product. Any such defect may cause us to incur significant warranty, support and repair or replacement costs, cause us to lose market share, and divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts to find and correct the issue. In addition, an error or defect in new products or releases or related software drivers after commencement of commercial shipments could result in failure to achieve market acceptance or loss of design wins and harm our relationships with customers. Also, we may be required to reimburse customers, including our customers' costs to repair or replace products in the field. A product recall, particularly an automotive recall, or a significant number of product returns could be expensive, could damage our reputation, could result in the shifting of business to our competitors and could result in litigation against us such as product liability suits. If a product liability claim is brought against us, the cost of defending the claim could be significant and would divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, and harm our business.
CONTENT_8:
Security breaches, computer malware and cyber-attacks have become more prevalent and sophisticated in recent years.  These attacks have occurred on our systems in the past and may occur in the future. Experienced computer programmers, hackers and employees may be able to penetrate our security controls and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information, or that of our employees or third parties. These attacks may create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. These hackers may also develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack or otherwise exploit security vulnerabilities in our products. For portions of our IT infrastructure, including business management and communication software products, we rely on products and services provided by third parties. These providers may also experience breaches and attacks to their products which may impact our systems. Data security breaches may also result from non-technical means, such as actions by an employee with access to our systems.&#160;Actual or perceived breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us, our partners, our customers or third parties could expose us, our partners, our customers, third parties or the individuals affected, to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, resulting in litigation and potential liability, damage to our brand and reputation or other harm to our business. Our efforts to prevent and overcome these challenges could increase our expenses and may not be successful. We may experience interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. Such disruptions could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other critical functions. Delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers as a result of these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation.13Table of Contents
CONTENT_9:
.We&#160;do not manufacture the silicon wafers used for our GPUs and Tegra processors and do not own or operate a wafer fabrication facility. Instead, we are dependent on industry-leading foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., to manufacture our semiconductor wafers using their fabrication equipment and techniques. Similarly, we do not assemble, test or package our products, but instead rely on independent subcontractors, such as Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., BYD Auto Co., Ltd., Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., JSI Logistics, Ltd., King Yuan Electronics Co. and Siliconware Precision Industries Co. Ltd. We do not have long-term commitment contracts with these foundries or subcontractors.  As a result, we face several significant risks which could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demands and/or negatively impact our business operations, gross margin, revenue and/or financial results, including:&#8226;a lack of guaranteed supply of wafers and other components and potential higher wafer and component prices due to supply constraints;&#8226;a failure by our foundries to procure raw materials or to provide or allocate adequate manufacturing or test capacity for our products;&#8226;a failure to develop, obtain or successfully implement high quality, leading-edge process technologies, including transitions to smaller geometry process technologies, needed to manufacture our products profitably or on a timely basis;&#8226;loss of a supplier and additional expense and/or production delays as a result of qualifying a new foundry or subcontractor  and commencing volume production or testing in the event of a loss of or a decision to add or change a supplier;&#8226;a lack of direct control over delivery schedules or product quantity and quality; and&#8226;delays in product shipments, shortages, a decrease in product quality and/or higher expenses in the event our subcontractors or foundries prioritize our competitors orders over our orders or otherwise.We also rely on third-party software development tools to assist us in the design, simulation and verification of new products or product enhancements. To bring new products and enhancements to market in a timely manner, we utilize sophisticated and technologically advanced software development tools to complete our design, simulations and verifications. In the past, we have experienced delays in the introduction of products and enhancements as a result of the inability of then available software development tools to fully simulate the complex features and functionalities of our products. In the future, the design requirements necessary to meet consumer demands for more features and greater functionality from our products may exceed the capabilities of available software development tools. If we miss design cycles or lose design wins due to the unavailability of such software development tools, we could lose market share and our revenues could decline.
CONTENT_10:
Manufacturing yields for our products are a function of product design, which is developed largely by us, and process technology, which typically is proprietary to the foundry. Low yields may result from either product design or process technology failure. We do not know whether a yield problem will exist until our design is actually manufactured by the foundry. When a yield issue is identified, the product is analyzed and tested to determine the cause. As a result, yield problems may not be identified until well into the manufacturing process and require us and the foundry to cooperate to resolve the problem. Because of our potentially limited access to wafer foundry capacity, any decrease in manufacturing yields could result in higher manufacturing costs and require us to allocate our available product supply among our customers. Lower than expected yields could harm customer relationships, our reputation and our financial results.&#160;&#160;14Table of Contents
CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:
Our gross margin for any period depends on a number of factors, including the mix of our products sold, average selling prices, introduction of new products, product transitions, sales discounts, pricing actions by our competitors, the cost of product components and the yield of wafers produced by the foundries that manufacture our products. We are focused on improving our gross margin and if we are not able to control or estimate the impact of the above factors or other factors we do not foresee, our gross margins may be negatively impacted. In addition, gross margins for our Tegra processors are lower than our overall corporate gross margins. If Tegra processors comprise a higher percentage of our future revenue, or if we continue to enter into new business areas with comparatively lower margins, our overall gross margins may decline.15Table of Contents
CONTENT_14:
We manufacture our GPUs and Tegra processors based on estimates of customer demand. In order to have shorter shipment lead times and quicker delivery schedules for our customers, we may build inventories for anticipated periods of growth which do not occur, or may build inventory anticipating demand for a customer&#8217;s product that does not materialize. In estimating demand, we make multiple assumptions any of which may prove to be incorrect. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory include:&#8226;changes in business and economic conditions, including downturns in our target markets and/or overall economy;&#8226;changes in consumer confidence caused by changes in market conditions, including changes in the credit market;&#8226;a sudden and significant decrease in demand for our products;&#8226;a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology or customer requirements;&#8226;our introduction of new products resulting in lower demand for older products ; or&#8226;increased competition, including competitive pricing actions.In addition, the cancellation or deferral of customer purchase orders could result in our holding excess inventory, which could adversely affect our gross margins. In addition, because we often sell a substantial portion of our products in the last month of each quarter, we may not be able to reduce our inventory purchase commitments in a timely manner in response to customer cancellations or deferrals. We could be required to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or market or write-off excess inventory, and we could experience a reduction in average selling prices if we incorrectly forecast product demand, any of which could harm our financial results.Conversely, if we underestimate our customers' demand for our products, our foundry partners may not have adequate lead-time or capacity to increase production and we may not be able to obtain sufficient inventory to fill customers' orders on a timely basis. Even if we are able to increase production levels to meet customer demand, we may not be able to do so in a cost-effective or timely manner. If we fail to fulfill our customers' orders on a timely basis, or at all, our customer relationships could be damaged, we could lose revenue and market share and our reputation could be damaged.
CONTENT_15:
We conduct our business worldwide and we have offices in various countries outside of the United States. Our semiconductor wafers are manufactured, assembled, tested and packaged by third parties located outside of the United States and Other Americas.  We also generate a significant portion of our revenue from sales to customers outside the United States and Other Americas. Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States and Other Americas accounted for&#160;75%&#160;of total revenue for both fiscal year 2015 and 2014 and&#160;74%&#160;of total revenue for fiscal year&#160;2013. The global nature of our business subjects us to a number of risks and uncertainties, including:&#8226;international economic and political conditions, such as political tensions between countries in which we do business;&#8226;unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements;&#160;&#160;&#8226;differing legal standards with respect to protection of intellectual property and employment practices;&#8226;local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices that we are prohibited from engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anticorruption laws and regulations;&#8226;exporting or importing issues related to export or import restrictions, tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and restrictions;&#160;&#8226;financial risks such as longer payment cycles, difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and&#8226;increased costs due to imposition of climate change regulations, such as carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, and pollution limits.If sales to any of our customers outside of the United States and Other Americas are delayed or cancelled because of any of the above factors, our revenue may be negatively impacted.16Table of Contents
CONTENT_16:
We have in the past and intend to continue to acquire and invest in other businesses that offer products, services and technologies that we believe will help expand or enhance our existing products and business. Any of the following risks associated with past or future acquisitions or investments could impair our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products, and ultimately could have a negative impact on our growth or our financial results:&#8226;difficulty in combining the technology, products, operations or workforce of the acquired business with our business;&#8226;diversion of capital and other resources, including management's attention;&#8226;assumption of liabilities;&#8226;incurring amortization expenses, impairment charges to goodwill or write-downs of acquired assets;&#8226;potential failure of our due diligence processes to identify significant issues with product quality, architecture and development, or legal and financial contingencies, among other things; and&#8226;impairment of relationships with employees, vendors and customers, or the loss of any of our key employees, vendors or customers or our target's key employees, vendors or customers, as a result of our acquisition or investment.&#160;&#160;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;
CONTENT_17:

CONTENT_18:
We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, licensing arrangements, and the laws of the countries in which we operate to protect our intellectual property in the United States and internationally. The laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our products or intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formal protection for existing and new innovations and technologies, but cannot be certain whether our applications for such protections will be approved, and, if approved, whether we will be able to enforce such protections.We have in the past and may in the future become involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings alleging patent infringement or other intellectual property rights violations by us, our employees or parties that we have agreed to indemnify for certain claims of infringement. An unfavorable ruling in any such intellectual property related litigation could include significant damages, invalidation of a patent or family of patents, indemnification of customers, payment of lost profits, or, when it has been sought, injunctive relief.We may commence litigation or other legal proceedings in order to protect our intellectual property rights. Such proceedings may increase our operating expenses, which could negatively impact our operating results. Further, we could be subject to countersuits as a result of our initiation of litigation. For example, in September 2014, we filed complaints against Qualcomm, Inc. and various Samsung entities with both the ITC and the United States District Court for the District of Delaware for infringement of seven patents relating to graphics processing. In November 2014, various Samsung entities filed a complaint against us and Velocity Micro for alleged infringement of Samsung&#8217;s patents. If infringement claims are made against us or our&#160;products are found to infringe a third parties' patent or intellectual property, we or one of our indemnitees may have to seek a license to the third parties' patent or other intellectual property rights. However, we may not be able to obtain licenses at all or on terms acceptable to us particularly from our competitors. If we or one of our indemnitees is unable to obtain a license from a third party for technology that we use or that is used in one of our products, we could be subject to substantial liabilities or have to suspend or discontinue the manufacture and sale of one or more of our products. We may also have to make royalty or other payments, or cross license our technology. If these arrangements are not concluded on commercially reasonable terms, our business could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, the indemnification of a customer or other indemnitee may increase our operating expenses which could negatively impact our operating results.17Table of Contents
CONTENT_19:
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future continue to fluctuate due to numerous factors.  For example, our operating expenses represent a significant portion of total revenue and are largely independent of revenue in any particular period. In particular, our research and development expenses reflect multi-year commitments to the development of new products and enhancements that will not result in revenue, if any, until future periods. Therefore, investors should not rely on quarterly comparisons of our results of operations as an indication of our future performance.Factors that could affect our results of operations in the future include:&#8226;demand and market acceptance for our products and/or our customers&#8217; products;&#8226;the successful development and volume production of our next-generation products;&#8226;our inability to adjust spending to offset revenue shortfalls due to multi-year development cycle for some of our products and services;&#8226;new product announcements or product introductions by our competitors;&#8226;our introduction of new products in accordance with OEMs&#8217; design requirements and design cycles;&#8226;changes in the timing of product orders due to unexpected delays in the introduction of our customers&#8217; products;&#8226;the level of growth or decline of the PC industry in general; &#8226;seasonal fluctuations associated with the PC and consumer products market;&#8226;contraction in automotive and consumer end-market demand due to adverse regional or worldwide economic conditions;&#8226;slower than expected growth of demand for new technologies;&#8226;fluctuations in the availability of manufacturing capacity or manufacturing yields; &#8226;our ability to reduce the manufacturing costs of our products;&#8226;competitive pressures resulting in lower than expected average selling prices;&#8226;product rates of return in excess of that forecasted or expected due to quality issues;&#8226;rescheduling or cancellation of customer orders;&#8226;the loss of a significant customer;&#8226;substantial disruption in the operations of our foundries or other third-party subcontractors, as a result of a natural disaster, equipment failure, terrorism or other causes;&#8226;supply constraints for and changes in the cost of the other components incorporated into our customers&#8217; products, including memory devices;&#8226;costs associated with the repair and replacement of defective products;&#8226;unexpected inventory write-downs or write-offs;&#8226;legal and other costs related to defending intellectual property and other types of lawsuits;&#8226;availability of software and technology licenses at commercially reasonable terms for the continued sale or development of new products;&#8226;customer bad debt write-offs;&#8226;changes in our effective tax rate as a result of changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, applicable tax laws or interpretations of tax laws; &#8226;any unanticipated costs associated with environmental liabilities;&#8226;unexpected costs related to our ownership of real property;&#8226;costs to comply with new government regulations, such as the SEC&#8217;s conflict mineral regulations, and regulatory enforcement actions;&#8226;costs to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; &#8226;our inability to forecast changes in financial accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards; and&#8226;general macroeconomic events and factors affecting the overall semiconductor industry.Any one or more of the factors discussed above could prevent us from achieving our expected future financial results.  Any such failure to meet our expectations or the expectations of our investors or security analysts could cause our stock price to decline or experience substantial price volatility and, as a result, investors may suffer losses.In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We have been in the past, and may be in the future, the target of securities litigation. Such lawsuits generally result in the diversion of management's time and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. In addition, the costs of defense and any damages resulting from litigation, a ruling against us, or a settlement of the litigation could adversely affect our cash flow and financial results.18Table of Contents
CONTENT_20:

CONTENT_21:

CONTENT_22:
Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested shareholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing shareholders. In addition, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock. These provisions include the following:&#8226;the ability of our Board of Directors to create and issue preferred stock without prior shareholder approval;&#8226;the prohibition of shareholder action by written consent;&#8226;advance notice requirements for director nominations and shareholder proposals;&#8226;the ability of our Board of Directors to increase or decrease the number of directors without shareholder approval;&#8226;a super-majority voting requirement to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;&#8226;the inability of our shareholders to call special meetings of shareholders; and&#8226;the ability of our Board of Directors to make, amend or repeal our bylaws.On March 5, 2000, we entered into an agreement with Microsoft in which we agreed to develop and sell graphics chips and to license certain technology to Microsoft and its licensees for use in the Xbox. Under the agreement, if an individual or corporation makes an offer to purchase shares equal to or greater than 30% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, Microsoft may have first and last rights of refusal to purchase the stock. The Microsoft provision and the other factors listed above could also delay or prevent a change in control of NVIDIA. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for shareholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire.</div
