CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:
We have incurred net losses since our inception, including net losses of $179.1 million and $177.4 million in the years ended December 31,
2015 and 2014, respectively, $46.2 million and $19.7 million in the eight months ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and $36.6 million and $11.5 million in the years ended April 30, 2013 and 2012, respectively. As a
result, we had an accumulated deficit of $450.9 million at December 31, 2015. These losses and our accumulated deficit includes the accounting for the Yahoo! preferred stock warrant (the &#147;2011 Yahoo! Warrant&#148;) described in
&#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&#148; It is difficult for us to predict our future results of operations since the market for our solutions is rapidly evolving and has not yet reached
widespread adoption. We may not achieve sufficient revenue to attain and maintain profitability. We expect our operating expenses to increase over the next several years as we hire additional personnel, particularly in sales and marketing, expand
and improve the effectiveness of our distribution channels, and continue to invest in the development of the HDP and HDF offerings. In addition, as we grow and as a result of being a public company, we will incur additional significant legal,
accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. As a result of these increased expenses, we will have to generate and sustain increased revenue to be profitable in future periods. Any failure by us to sustain or increase
profitability on a consistent basis could cause the value of our common stock to decline.
CONTENT_5:

CONTENT_6:
We were incorporated in 2011 and introduced our first
solution in 2012. As a result of our limited operating history, our ability to forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our historical
revenue growth has been inconsistent, has benefited from transactions with related parties and should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for
a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our support subscription offerings and our professional services, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to capitalize on
growth opportunities. We have also encountered and will encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. If our assumptions regarding
these risks and uncertainties and our future revenue growth (each of which we use to plan our business) are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our
expectations and our business could suffer.
CONTENT_7:

CONTENT_8:
We have limited experience with respect to determining the optimal prices for our support subscription offerings. As the market for open source
distributed data platforms matures, or as competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, we may be unable to attract new support subscription customers at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used
historically. Moreover, large support subscription 
   14 




Table of Contents

 
customers, which are the focus of our sales efforts, may demand greater price concessions. As a result, in the future, we may be required to reduce our prices, which could harm our revenue, gross
margins, financial position and cash flows. Furthermore, while the terms of our support subscription agreements limit the number of supported nodes or the size of supported data sets, such limitations may be improperly circumvented or otherwise
bypassed by certain users.  We expect to derive a significant portion of our revenue from renewals of existing support subscription
agreements. As a result, customers renewing and expanding their support subscription relationships with us will be critical to our business. Our support subscription customers have no obligation to renew their support subscriptions after the
expiration of the initial support subscription period and may renew for fewer elements of our support subscription offerings or on different pricing terms. We have limited historical data with respect to support subscription customer renewals,
including those support subscription arrangements which also allow the customer the ability to potentially impact the direction and development of the underlying open source solution, and to date, the majority of our support subscription agreements
have not reached the end of their original term, so we cannot accurately predict support subscription customer renewals. Our support subscription customers&#146; renewals may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their
dissatisfaction with our pricing or our product offerings and their ability to continue their operations and spending levels. If our support subscription customers do not renew their support subscriptions on similar pricing terms, our revenue may
decline and our business could suffer. In addition, over time the average term of our contracts could change based on renewals or for other reasons.
CONTENT_9:

CONTENT_10:
We derive and expect to continue to derive substantially all of our revenue and cash flows from customer fees for support subscription
offerings and professional services in support of HDP. As such, the market acceptance of HDP is critical to our continued success. Demand for HDP is affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including market acceptance of open source
distributed data platforms by referenceable accounts for existing and new use cases, the continued enhancement of HDP to incorporate features and functionality desired by our support subscription customers, the timing of development and release of
new products by our competitors, technological change and growth or contraction in our market. We expect the proliferation of unstructured data to lead to an increase in the data storage and processing demands of our customers, and HDP may not be
able to perform to meet those demands. If we are unable to continue to meet support subscription customer requirements or to achieve more widespread market acceptance of HDP, our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth
prospects will be harmed. We launched HDF in September 2015 and general availability of HDF only commenced towards the end of the third fiscal quarter of 2015. As such, we cannot predict how quickly customer subscriptions will increase, to what
degree this new product offering will satisfy customer requirements or the rate at which market acceptance will occur.
CONTENT_11:

CONTENT_12:
The market for Hadoop and open source distributed data platforms and the market for NiFi and open source data ingest
platforms are relatively new, rapidly evolving and unproven. Our future success will depend in large part on Hadoop&#146;s ability to penetrate the existing market for open source distributed data platforms, as well as the continued growth and
expansion of the market for open source distributed data platforms, and it will also depend on NiFi&#146;s ability to penetrate the existing market for open source data ingest platforms as well as the continued growth and expansion of the market for
open source data ingest platforms. It is difficult to predict support subscription customer adoption and renewals, support subscription customer demand for our offerings, the size, 
   15 




Table of Contents

 
growth rate and expansion of these markets, the entry of competitive products or the success of existing competitive products. Our ability to penetrate the existing markets for open source
distributed data platforms and data ingest platforms and any expansion of such markets depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our offerings, as well as support subscription customers&#146;
willingness to adopt an alternative approach to data collection, storage and processing. Furthermore, many potential support subscription customers have made significant investments in legacy data collection, storage and processing software and may
be unwilling to invest in new solutions. If the markets for open source distributed data platforms or data ingest platforms fail to grow or expand or decrease in size, or if we do not succeed in further penetrating such markets, our business would
be harmed.
CONTENT_13:

CONTENT_14:
In addition to our direct sales force and our website, we use strategic partners, such as
distribution partners and resellers, to sell our support subscription offerings and our professional services. We expect that sales through partners will continue to grow as a proportion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. 
Our agreements with our partners are generally non-exclusive, meaning our partners may offer customers the products and services of several
different companies, including products and services that compete with ours, or may themselves be or become competitors. If our partners do not effectively market and sell our support subscription offerings and our professional services, choose to
use greater efforts to market and sell their own products and services or those of our competitors, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, our ability to grow our business and sell our support subscription offerings and our professional
services may be harmed. Our partners may cease marketing our support subscription offerings or professional services with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty. The loss of a substantial number of our partners, our possible inability to
replace them, or the failure to recruit additional partners could harm our results of operations.  Our ability to achieve revenue growth
in the future will depend in part on our success in maintaining successful relationships with our partners, and in helping our partners enhance their ability to independently sell our support subscription offerings and deliver professional services.
If we are unable to maintain our relationships with these partners, or otherwise develop and expand our indirect distribution channel, our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be harmed.
CONTENT_15:

CONTENT_16:
We face substantial competition from Hadoop distribution vendors such as Cloudera, Inc. and MapR Technologies, Inc., as well as enterprise
software and infrastructure vendors that offer Hadoop distributions such as International Business Machines Corporation and Oracle Corporation. Further, other established system providers not currently focused on Hadoop, including traditional data
warehouse solution providers such as Teradata, SAP and EMC, or open source distributed data platform providers, including non-relational NoSQL database providers such as MongoDB and DataStax may expand their products and services to compete with us.
Additionally, some potential customers may elect to implement and self-support Hadoop deployments internally, thus not purchasing a support subscription from us. Some of the companies that compete with us, or that may compete with us in the future,
have greater name recognition, substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, the ability to devote greater resources to the promotion, sale and support of their solutions, more extensive customer bases and broader
customer relationships and longer operating histories than we have.  We expect competition to increase as other companies continue to
evolve their offerings and as new companies enter our market. Increased competition is likely to result in pricing pressures on our support subscription offerings and our professional services, which could negatively impact our gross margins. If we
are unable to effectively compete, our revenue could decline and our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
   16 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_17:

CONTENT_18:
The competitive position of HDP and HDF depends in part on their ability to operate with products and services of third parties, including
software companies that offer applications designed for various business intelligence applications, software services and infrastructure, and it must be continuously modified and enhanced to adapt to changes in hardware, software, networking,
browser and database technologies. In the future, one or more technology companies, whether our partners or otherwise, may choose not to support the operation of their software, software services and infrastructure with HDP or HDF, or our offerings
may not support the capabilities needed to operate with such software, software services and infrastructure. In addition, to the extent that a third party were to develop software or services that compete with ours, that provider may choose not to
support HDP or HDF. We intend to facilitate the compatibility of our product platforms with various third party software, software services and infrastructure offerings by maintaining and expanding our business and technical relationships. If we are
not successful in achieving this goal, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer.
CONTENT_19:

CONTENT_20:
We rely to a significant degree on a number of independent open source software programmers, or
Hadoop committers and contributors, to develop and enhance Apache Hadoop and its related technologies. Additionally, members of the corresponding Apache Software Foundation PMCs, many of whom are not employed by us, are primarily responsible for the
oversight and evolution of the codebases of Hadoop and its related technologies. If the Hadoop committers and contributors fail to adequately further develop and enhance open source technologies, or if the PMCs fail to oversee and guide the
evolution of Hadoop-related technologies in the manner that we believe is appropriate to maximize the market potential of our offerings, then we would have to rely on other parties, or we would need to expend additional resources, to develop and
enhance our offerings. We cannot predict whether further developments and enhancements to these technologies would be available from reliable alternative sources. In either event, our development expenses could be increased and our technology
release and upgrade schedules could be delayed. Delays in developing, completing or delivering new or enhanced offerings could cause our offerings to be less competitive, impair customer acceptance of our offerings and result in delayed or reduced
revenue for our offerings.
CONTENT_21:

CONTENT_22:
We provide our support subscription offerings primarily under annual or multi-year subscriptions.
A support subscription generally entitles a support subscription customer to a specified scope of support, as well as security updates, fixes, functionality enhancements and upgrades to the technology and new versions of the software, if and when
available, and compatibility with an ecosystem of certified hardware and software applications. We may encounter support subscription customer resistance to this distribution model or support subscription customers may fail to honor the terms of our
support subscription agreements. To the extent we are unsuccessful in promoting or defending this distribution model, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed. 
Demand for our offerings may fluctuate based on numerous factors, including the spending levels and growth of our current and prospective
support subscription customers, and general economic conditions. In addition, our support subscription customers generally undertake a significant evaluation process that may result in a prolonged sales cycle. We spend substantial time, effort and
money on our sales efforts, including developing and implementing appropriate go-to-market strategies and training our sales force and ecosystem partners in order to effectively market new solutions, without any assurance that our efforts will
produce any sales. The 
   17 




Table of Contents

 
purchase of our offerings may be discretionary and can involve significant expenditures. If our current and prospective support subscription customers cut costs, then they may significantly
reduce their enterprise software expenditures.  As technologies and the marketplace for our offerings change, our subscription-based
business model may no longer meet the needs of our support subscription customers. Consequently, we may need to develop new and appropriate marketing and pricing strategies for our solutions. If we are unable to adapt our business model to changes
in the marketplace or if demand for our solutions declines, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed.
CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:
Our future growth depends in part upon expanding sales of our support subscription offerings and our
professional services to our existing customers. If our existing customers do not purchase additional or incremental support subscription offerings and professional services, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected, may not grow at all or may
decline. Additionally, increasing incremental sales to our current customer base requires increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts. There can be no assurance that our efforts will result in increased sales to existing customers and
additional revenue. If our efforts to expand sales to our existing customers are not successful, our business and operating results would be harmed.
CONTENT_25:

CONTENT_26:
A significant portion of our revenue has been concentrated among a relatively small
number of large customers. The revenue from our three largest customers as a group accounted for approximately 17 percent and 43 percent of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, 51 percent and 78
percent of our total revenue for the eight months ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and 71 percent and 86 percent of our total revenue for the years ended April 30, 2013 and 2012, respectively. While we expect that the
revenue from our largest customers will continue to decrease over time as a percentage of our total revenue as we generate more revenue from other customers, we expect that revenue from a relatively small group of customers will continue to account
for a significant portion of our revenue, at least in the near term. Our customer agreements generally do not contain long-term commitments from our customers, and our customers may be able to terminate their agreements with us prior to expiration
of the term. We may not be able to continue our relationships with any of our largest customers on the same or more favorable terms in
future periods or our relationships may not continue beyond the terms of our existing contracts with them. Our revenue and operating results would suffer if, among other things, any of our largest customers were to renegotiate, terminate, renew on
less favorable terms or fail to renew their agreements with us.
CONTENT_27:

CONTENT_28:
Our revenue and results of operations
could vary significantly from period to period as a result of various factors, many of which are outside of our control. At the beginning of each quarter, we do not know the number of new support subscriptions that we will enter into during the
quarter. In addition, the contract value of our support subscriptions varies substantially among customers, and a single, large support subscription in a given period could distort our results of operations. Comparing our revenue and results of
operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
We may not be able to accurately predict our future revenue or results of operations on a quarterly or longer-term basis. We base our current
and future expense levels on our operating plans and sales forecasts, and our operating 
   18 




Table of Contents

 
costs are expected to be relatively fixed in the short-term. As a result, we may not be able to reduce our costs sufficiently to compensate for an unexpected shortfall in billings or revenue, and
even a small shortfall in revenue in a quarter could harm our financial results for that quarter and cause our financial results to fall short of analyst expectations, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline substantially.
 In addition to other risk factors described in this &#147;Risk Factors&#148; section, factors that may cause our results of operations to
fluctuate from quarter to quarter include:   


 
&#149;
 
 the timing of new customer contracts for support subscription offerings and professional services, and the extent to which we earn additional
revenue from existing customers as they expand their deployment of the HDP and the HDF offerings;   


 
&#149;
 
 the renewals of our support subscription arrangements with our customers; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 changes in the competitive dynamics of our market;   


 
&#149;
 
 customers delaying purchasing decisions in anticipation of new software or software enhancements; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the timing of satisfying revenue recognition criteria and our ability to obtain vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value
(&#147;VSOE&#148;), for our support subscription offerings;   


 
&#149;
 
 our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the proportion of revenue attributable to larger transactions as opposed to smaller transactions and the impact that a change in such proportion
may have on the overall average selling price of our support subscription offerings;   


 
&#149;
 
 the proportion of revenue attributable to support subscription offerings and professional services, which may impact our gross margins and
operating income;   


 
&#149;
 
 the reduction or elimination of support of the Apache Hadoop Project or the Apache NiFi Project by the Apache Software Foundation, migration of
Hadoop technology or NiFi technology to an organization other than the Apache Software Foundation, or any other actions taken by the Apache Software Foundation or the Apache Hadoop Project or the Apache NiFi Project that may impact our business
model;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in customers&#146; budgets and in the timing of their purchasing decisions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the collectability of receivables from customers and resellers, which may be hindered or delayed if these customers or resellers experience
financial distress; and   


 
&#149;
 
 general economic conditions, both domestically and internationally, as well as economic conditions specifically affecting industries in which our
customers participate.  Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the variability and unpredictability of
such factors could result in our failing to meet or exceed our financial expectations for a given period. We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue, results of operations and cash flows may not necessarily be indicative of our
future performance.
CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:
Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the
resource-intensive nature of our sales efforts, the length and variability of the sales cycle of our support subscription offerings and the difficulty in making short-term adjustments to our operating expenses. Our results of operations depend in
part on sales to large support subscription customers and increasing sales to existing customers. The length of our sales cycle, from initial evaluation to payment for our support subscription offerings is generally six to nine months, but can vary
substantially from customer to customer. Our sales cycle can extend to more than a year for some customers. It is 
   19 




Table of Contents

 
difficult to predict exactly when, or even if, we will make a sale to a potential customer or if we can increase sales to our existing customers. As a result, large individual sales have, in some
cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. The loss or delay of one or more large transactions in a quarter could impact our results of operations for that quarter and any future quarters for which
revenue from that transaction is lost or delayed. As a result of these factors, it is difficult for us to forecast our revenue accurately in any quarter. Because a substantial proportion of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short term, our
results of operations will suffer if revenue falls below our expectations in a particular quarter, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline.
CONTENT_31:

CONTENT_32:
We have increased our
number of full-time employees to approximately 850 as of December 31, 2015 from approximately 600 at December 31, 2014 and have increased our revenue to $121.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2015 from $46.0 million in the year
ended December 31, 2014. Our recent growth and expansion has placed, and our anticipated growth may continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational, financial and other resources. We intend to continue to
expand our overall business, customer base, headcount and operations. Continued growth increases the challenges involved in:   


 
&#149;
 
 recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled technical, marketing, sales and management personnel; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 preserving our culture, values and entrepreneurial environment; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, compliance, recordkeeping,
communications and other internal systems;   


 
&#149;
 
 managing our international operations and the risks associated therewith; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 maintaining high levels of satisfaction with our solutions among our customers; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 effectively managing expenses related to any future growth. 
If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer.
CONTENT_33:

CONTENT_34:
Our ability to increase the adoption of HDP and HDF, increase sales of support subscription offerings and professional services and grow our
business depends on the increased adoption of big data services and applications by enterprises. While we believe that big data services and applications can offer a compelling value proposition to many enterprises, the broad adoption of big data
applications and services also presents challenges to enterprises, including developing the internal expertise and infrastructure to manage big data applications and services effectively, coordinating multiple data sources, defining a big data
strategy that delivers an appropriate return on investment and implementing an information technology infrastructure and architecture that enables the efficient deployment of big data solutions. Accordingly, our expectations regarding the potential
for future growth in the market for big data applications and services, and the third-party growth estimates for this market in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are subject to significant uncertainty. If the market for big data applications and
services does not grow as expected, our business prospects may be adversely affected. Even if the market for big data applications and services increases, we cannot be sure that our business will grow at a similar rate, or at all. 
   20 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_35:

CONTENT_36:
One of the characteristics of open source software is that anyone may modify and redistribute the existing open source software and use it to
compete in the marketplace. Such competition can develop without the degree of overhead and lead time required by traditional proprietary software companies. It is possible for competitors with greater resources than ours to develop their own open
source software, including software based on one or more components of Hadoop, NiFi, HDP or HDF, potentially reducing the demand for our solutions and putting price pressure on our support subscription offerings and our professional services. We
cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or that competitive pressure or the availability of new open source software will not result in price reductions, reduced operating margins and loss
of market share, any one of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:
HDP and HDF have been provided under the Apache License 2.0. This license states that any work of authorship licensed under it, and any
derivative work thereof, may be reproduced and distributed provided that certain conditions are met. It is possible that a court would hold this license to be unenforceable or that someone could assert a claim for proprietary rights in a program
developed and distributed under it. Any ruling by a court that this license is not enforceable, or that open source components of HDP or HDF may not be reproduced or distributed, may negatively impact our distribution or development of all or a
portion of HDP and HDF. In addition, at some time in the future it is possible that Apache Hadoop or Apache NiFi may be distributed under a different license or the Apache License 2.0 may be modified, which could, among other consequences,
negatively impact our continuing development or distribution of the software code subject to the new or modified license. Further, full utilization of HDP and HDF may depend on applications and services from various third parties, and in the future
these applications or services may not be available to our customers on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which could harm our business.
CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:
In the course of our selling efforts, we typically enter into sales arrangements pursuant to which we provide support
subscription offerings and professional services. We refer to each individual product or service as an &#147;element&#148; of the overall sales arrangement. These arrangements typically require us to deliver particular elements in a future period.
We apply software revenue recognition rules under United States generally accepted accounting principles (&#147;GAAP&#148;). In certain cases, when we enter into more than one contract with a single customer, the group of contracts may be so closely
related that they are viewed under GAAP as one multiple-element arrangement for purposes of determining the appropriate amount and timing of revenue recognition. As we discuss further in &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations&#151;Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates&#151;Revenue Recognition,&#148; because we do not have VSOE for our support subscription offerings, and because we may offer certain contractual provisions to our
customers, such as delivery of support subscription offerings and professional services, or specified functionality, or because multiple contracts signed in different periods may be viewed as giving rise to multiple elements of a single arrangement,
we may be required under GAAP to defer revenue to future periods. Typically, for arrangements providing for support subscription offerings and professional services, we have recognized as revenue the entire arrangement fee ratably over the support
subscription period, although the appropriate timing of revenue recognition must be evaluated on an arrangement-by-arrangement basis and may differ from arrangement to arrangement. If we are unexpectedly required to defer revenue to future periods
for a significant portion of our 
   21 




Table of Contents

 
sales, our revenue and overall operating results for a particular period could fall below our expectations or those of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock
price.
CONTENT_41:

CONTENT_42:
We generally recognize subscription revenue from support
subscription customers ratably over the term of their subscription agreements, which are generally 12 months, with some support subscription customers having subscription agreements with longer terms. As a result, much of the revenue we report in
each quarter is derived from deferred revenue from subscription agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in the value of new support subscription agreements entered into within any one quarter, will not necessarily
be fully reflected in the revenue we record for that quarter and will harm our revenue in future quarters. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to reflect this reduced revenue. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns
in sales and market acceptance of our services may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any
period, as revenue from new support subscription customers are recognized over the applicable subscription term.
CONTENT_43:

CONTENT_44:
Once HDP and HDF are deployed, our support subscription customers depend on our software support organization to resolve technical issues
relating to the deployment. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in support subscription customer demand for support subscription offerings. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support
subscription offerings to compete with changes in offerings provided by our competitors. Increased support subscription customer demand for our support subscription offerings, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and harm our results
of operations. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our business reputation and on positive references from our existing support subscription customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality support subscription offerings, or a
market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support subscription offerings, could harm our reputation, our ability to sell our support subscription offerings to existing and prospective support subscription customers and our results of
operations.
CONTENT_45:

CONTENT_46:
Any failure by us to comply with the specific provisions in our customer contracts could result in the imposition of various penalties, which
may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits and suspension of payments. Further, any negative publicity related to our customer contracts or any proceedings surrounding them, regardless of its accuracy, may damage our business and
affect our ability to compete for new contracts. If our customer contracts are terminated, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed.
CONTENT_47:

CONTENT_48:
Despite our testing procedures, errors, including security vulnerabilities or incompatibilities with third-party
software and hardware, have been and may continue to be found in HDP or HDF after deployment. This risk is increased by the fact that much of the code in HDP and HDF are developed by independent parties over whom we may not exercise supervision or
control. If errors are discovered, we may have to make significant expenditures of capital and devote significant technical resources to analyze, correct, eliminate or manage them, and we may not be able to successfully do so in a timely manner, or
at all. Errors and failures in HDP or HDF could result in a loss of, or delay in, market acceptance of our enterprise technologies, loss of existing or 
   22 




Table of Contents

 
potential customers and delayed or lost revenue and could damage our reputation and our ability to convince enterprise users of the benefits of HDP, the HDF Platform and our other offerings. 
In addition, errors in HDP or HDF could cause system failures, loss of data or other adverse effects for our customers who may assert warranty
and other claims for substantial damages against us. Although our agreements with our customers often contain provisions that seek to limit our exposure to such claims, it is possible that these provisions may not be effective or enforceable under
the laws of some jurisdictions. While we seek to insure against these types of claims, our insurance policies may not adequately limit our exposure to such claims. These claims, even if unsuccessful, could be costly and time consuming to defend and
could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
CONTENT_49:

CONTENT_50:
HDP and HDF are deployed in a wide variety of technology environments, including in large-scale, complex technology environments, and we
believe our future success will depend at least in part on our ability to support such deployments. Hadoop and NiFi are technically very complicated, and it is not easy to maximize the value of our offerings without proper implementation and
training. We often must assist our customers in achieving successful implementations for large, complex deployments. If our customers are unable to implement HDP or HDF successfully, or in a timely manner, customer perceptions of our company and our
offerings may be impaired, our reputation and brand may suffer, and customers may choose not to renew their subscriptions or increase their purchases of our support subscription offerings or professional services. 
Our customers and partners may need training in the proper use of and the variety of benefits that can be derived from HDP or HDF to maximize
their potential. HDP or HDF may perform inadequately if they are not implemented or used correctly or as intended. The incorrect or improper implementation or use of our product offerings, our failure to train customers on how to efficiently and
effectively use HDP or HDF, or our failure to provide effective support subscription offerings or professional services to our customers, may result in negative publicity or legal claims against us. Also, as we continue to expand our customer base,
any failure by us to properly provide these services will likely result in lost opportunities for follow-on sales of our support subscription offerings and professional services.
CONTENT_51:

CONTENT_52:
Our website and internal technology infrastructure may experience performance issues due to a variety of factors, including
infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website or third-party hosting disruptions or capacity constraints due to a number of potential causes, including technical failures, natural disasters or fraud or security attacks. If our security
is compromised, our website is unavailable or our users are unable to download our tools or order support subscription offerings or professional services within a reasonable amount of time or at all, our business could be harmed. We expect to
continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve website performance and to enable rapid releases of new features and applications for HDP and HDF. To the extent that we do not effectively upgrade our systems as needed and
continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
In addition, we rely on SaaS technologies from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including financial
management services from NetSuite Inc., customer relationship management services from salesforce.com, inc. and lead generation management services from Marketo, Inc. If these services become unavailable due to extended outages or interruptions or
because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage our finances could be interrupted, our processes for managing sales of our support subscription offerings and
professional services and supporting 
   23 




Table of Contents

 
our customers could be impaired, and our ability to generate and manage sales leads could be weakened until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained and implemented, all of
which could harm our business and results of operations.
CONTENT_53:

CONTENT_54:
Our
success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key employees, including many Hadoop committers. We rely on our leadership team in the areas of research and development, operations, security, marketing, sales,
support and general and administrative functions, and on individual contributors in our research and development. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which
could disrupt our business. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers or other key personnel that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us
at any time. The loss of one or more of our key employees or executive officers could harm our business.  In addition, to execute our
growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for such personnel in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters is located, and in other locations where we maintain offices, is intense, especially for
engineers experienced in designing and developing software and Apache Hadoop applications and experienced sales professionals. The Apache Hadoop Project relies on Hadoop committers for the project&#146;s technical management. While we currently
employ a large number of Hadoop core committers and innovators, one becomes a committer by invitation only. As a result, the market to hire such individuals is very competitive. If our employees who are Hadoop core committers terminate their
employment with us, we could lose our ability to innovate the core open source technology, define the roadmap for the future of Hadoop, distribute predictable and reliable enterprise quality releases, and provide comprehensive support to our
customers. We have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have
greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. In
addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, it may harm our ability to recruit and retain
highly skilled employees. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed.
CONTENT_55:

CONTENT_56:
We continue to be substantially dependent on our sales force to obtain new customers
and to drive additional use cases among our existing customers. We believe that there is significant competition for sales personnel, including enterprise sales representatives and sales engineers and professional services employees, with the skills
and technical knowledge that we require. In particular, there is significant demand for sales engineers with Hadoop expertise. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and
retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth. New hires require significant training and may take significant time before they achieve full productivity. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as
quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. In addition, as we continue to grow rapidly, a large percentage of our sales force
will have relatively little experience working with us, our support subscription offerings and our business model. If we are unable to hire and train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, or our sales personnel are not successful in
obtaining new customers or increasing sales to our existing customer base, our business will be harmed. 
   24 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_57:

CONTENT_58:
Our future results depend, in part, on our ability to expand into international
markets. We also have a number of distributor and reseller relationships for our support subscription offerings and professional services in international markets. Our ability to expand internationally will depend upon our ability to deliver
functionality and foreign language translations that reflect the needs of the international clients that we target. Our ability to expand internationally involves various risks, including the need to invest significant resources in such expansion,
and the possibility that returns on such investments will not be achieved in the near future or at all in these less familiar competitive environments. We may also choose to conduct our international business through strategic alliances. If we are
unable to identify strategic alliance partners or negotiate favorable alliance terms, our international growth may be harmed. In addition, we have incurred and may continue to incur significant expenses in advance of generating material revenue as
we attempt to establish our presence in particular international markets.  Expanding our business internationally will also require
significant attention from our management and will require us to add additional management and other resources in these markets. Our ability to expand our business, attract talented employees and enter into strategic alliances in an increasing
number of international markets requires considerable management attention and resources and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems,
alternative dispute systems, regulatory systems, commercial infrastructures and technology infrastructure. If we are unable to grow our international operations in a timely manner, we may incur additional losses and our revenue growth could be
harmed.
CONTENT_59:

CONTENT_60:
We principally sell our offerings through sales personnel in the United States, Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, India,
Ireland, Japan, South Korea, the Netherlands, Sweden and the United Kingdom and currently have operations in the United States, Hungary, India, Ireland and the United Kingdom. We also have development teams in Budapest, Hungary, Bangalore, India and
Kiev, Ukraine and a number of distributor and reseller relationships for our support subscription offerings and our professional services in other international markets. Conducting international operations subjects us to risks that we have not
generally faced in the United States. These risks include:   


 
&#149;
 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates;   


 
&#149;
 
 unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements;   


 
&#149;
 
 potentially different pricing environments and longer sales cycles; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in managing the staffing of international operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value-added tax systems, restrictions on the repatriation of earnings
and changes in tax rates;   


 
&#149;
 
 dependence on strategic alliance partners to increase client acquisition; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and different legal standards; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 political, social and economic instability abroad, particularly with our development team in Ukraine; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 laws and business practices favoring local competitors;   



 
&#149;
 
 terrorist attacks and security concerns in general; and   



 
&#149;
 
 reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries. 
   25 




Table of Contents

 The occurrence of any one of these risks could harm our international business and, consequently,
our results of operations. Additionally, operating in international markets requires significant management attention and financial resources. We cannot be certain that the investment and additional resources required to operate in other countries
will produce desired levels of revenue or profitability.
CONTENT_61:

CONTENT_62:
As part of our ongoing business strategy to expand our suite of solutions and acquire new technology, from time to time we engage in
discussions with third parties regarding, and enter into agreements relating to, possible acquisitions, strategic alliances and joint ventures. For example, in May 2014, we acquired new technology, know-how and solutions through our acquisition of
XA Secure, a data security company, in April 2015, we acquired SequenceIQ, kft (&#147;SequenceIQ&#148;), an open source provider of rapid deployment tools for Hadoop, located in Budapest, Hungary, and in August 2015, we acquired Onyara, a key
contributor to Apache NiFi. There may be significant competition for acquisition targets in our industry, or we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, negotiate attractive terms for acquisitions or complete acquisitions on
expected timelines, or at all. If we are unable to complete strategic acquisitions or do not realize the expected benefits of the acquisitions we do complete, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be harmed.
 Even if we are able to complete acquisitions or enter into alliances and joint ventures that we believe will be successful, such
transactions are inherently risky. Significant risks associated with these transactions, include:   


 
&#149;
 
 failing to achieve anticipated synergies, including with respect to complementary software or services; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 losing key employees of the acquired businesses;   


 
&#149;
 
 integration and restructuring costs, both one-time and ongoing; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 maintaining sufficient controls, policies and procedures, including around integration and accounting for acquisition-related expenses;
  


 
&#149;
 
 diversion of management&#146;s attention from ongoing business operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 establishing new informational, operational and financial systems to meet the needs of our business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 our inability to maintain the key business relationships and the reputations of the businesses we acquire; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 uncertainty of entry into markets in which we have limited or no prior experience and in which competitors have stronger market positions;
  


 
&#149;
 
 our dependence on unfamiliar affiliates and partners of the companies we acquire; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 insufficient revenue to offset our increased expenses associated with acquisitions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 potentially incurring accounting charges as we transition an acquired company to our open source business model; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 our responsibility for the liabilities of the businesses we acquire; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 unanticipated and unknown liabilities. 
If we are not successful in completing acquisitions in the future or do not realize the expected benefits of the acquisitions we do complete,
we may be required to reevaluate our acquisition strategy. We also may incur substantial expenses and devote significant management time and resources in seeking to complete acquisitions, some of which may ultimately not be consummated or not result
in expected benefits. The occurrence of any of these acquisition-related risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
   26 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_63:

CONTENT_64:
We believe that the brand identities that we have developed have contributed significantly to the success of our business. We also
believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands is important to expanding our customer base and attracting talented employees. In order to maintain and enhance our brands, we may be required to make further investments that may not be successful.
Maintaining our brands will depend in part on our ability to remain a leader in open source technology and our ability to continue to provide high-quality offerings. If we fail to promote and maintain our brands, or if we incur excessive costs in
doing so, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be harmed.
CONTENT_65:

CONTENT_66:
We have developed proprietary methodologies, know-how and software related to software development, testing and quality assurance. Failure to
adequately protect and defend our intellectual property rights in these areas may diminish the value of HDP and HDF or our other technologies, impair our ability to compete effectively and harm our business. 
In addition, the protective steps we have taken in the past may be inadequate to protect and deter misappropriation of our trademark rights.
We may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our trademark rights in a timely manner. We have registered trademarks in Australia, Canada, the European Community, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the
United States, and have trademark applications pending in various other international jurisdictions. Effective trademark protection may not be available in every country in which we offer or intend to distribute our solutions. We may be unable to
prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. Failure to adequately protect our trademark rights could damage or even destroy one or more
of our brands and impair our ability to compete effectively. Furthermore, defending or enforcing our trademark rights could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.
CONTENT_67:

CONTENT_68:
Companies in the software and technology industries,
including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property
rights. In addition, many of these companies can dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights, and to defend claims that may be brought against them, than we can. We have received, and we and the Apache
Hadoop Project and the Apache NiFi Project may in the future receive, notices that claim we have misappropriated, misused, or infringed other parties&#146; intellectual property rights, and, to the extent Hadoop or NiFi gains greater market
visibility, we the Apache Hadoop Project and the Apache NiFi Project, as applicable, face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. 
Any intellectual property infringement claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming, could be expensive to settle or litigate
and could divert our management&#146;s attention and other resources. These claims could also subject us to significant liability for damages, potentially including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights.
These claims could also result in our having to stop using technology found to be in violation of a third party&#146;s rights. We might be required to seek a license for the intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at
all. Even if a license were available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. As a result, we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant
effort and expense. Any of these results would harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
   27 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_69:

CONTENT_70:
We collect and utilize demographic
and other information, including personally identifiable information, from and about users (such as customers, potential customers and others). Such information may be collected when users visit our website or elect to use our support tools, or when
users provide personal information to us in many contexts such as when signing up for certain services, registering for seminars, participating in a survey, connecting with other users and Hadoop and NiFi experts in our forums, participating in
Hortonworks University classes, participating in polls or signing up to receive e-mail newsletters.  Within the United States, various
federal and state laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of the data we receive from and about users. Outside of the United States, various jurisdictions actively regulate and enforce laws regarding the
collection, retention, transfer and use (including loss and unauthorized access) of data and personal information. Privacy advocates and government bodies have increasingly scrutinized the ways in which companies link personal identities and data
associated with particular users or devices with data collected through the internet, and we expect such scrutiny to continue to increase. Loss, retention or misuse of certain information and alleged violations of laws and regulations relating to
privacy and data security, and any relevant claims, may expose us to potential liability and may require us to expend significant resources on data security and in responding to and defending such allegations and claims.
CONTENT_71:

CONTENT_72:
Any security breach, unauthorized access, unauthorized usage, virus or similar breach or disruption could result in the loss of confidential
information, damage to our reputation, early termination of our contracts, litigation, regulatory investigations or other liabilities. If our, our customers&#146; or our partners&#146; security measures are breached as a result of third-party
action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to data, our reputation will be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. 
Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against
a target. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived security breach occurs, the market perception of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose
sales and customers. Any significant violations of data privacy could result in the loss of business, litigation and regulatory investigations and penalties that could damage our reputation and adversely impact our results of operations and
financial condition. Moreover, if a high-profile security breach occurs with respect to another Hadoop or NiFi provider, our customers and potential customers may lose trust in the security of Hadoop- or NiFi-based solutions generally, which could
adversely impact our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones.
CONTENT_73:

CONTENT_74:
Current or future economic downturns could harm our business and results of operations. Negative conditions in
the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from financial and credit market fluctuations and terrorist attacks in the United States, Europe or elsewhere, could cause a decrease in corporate spending on
enterprise software in general and slow down the rate of growth of our business.  General worldwide economic conditions have experienced,
and in the future may experience, a significant downturn. These conditions make it extremely difficult for our customers and us to forecast and plan future business activities accurately, and they could cause our customers to reevaluate their
decision to purchase our offerings, which could delay and lengthen our sales cycles or result in cancellations of planned purchases. Furthermore, during challenging economic times our customers may face issues in gaining timely access to sufficient
credit, which could impair their ability to make timely payments to us. If that were to occur, we may be required to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, which would harm our results of operations. 
   28 




Table of Contents

 We have a significant number of customers in the business services, advertising, financial
services, government, healthcare and pharmaceuticals, high technology, manufacturing, media and entertainment, oil and gas, online services, retail and telecommunications industries. A substantial downturn in any of these industries may cause firms
to react to worsening conditions by reducing their capital expenditures in general or by specifically reducing their spending on information technology. Customers in these industries may delay or cancel information technology projects or seek to
lower their costs by renegotiating vendor contracts. To the extent purchases of our offerings are perceived by customers and potential customers to be discretionary, our revenue may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general
information technology spending. Also, support subscription customers may choose to develop or utilize in-house self-support capabilities as an alternative to purchasing our support subscription offerings or professional services. Moreover,
competitors may respond to market conditions by lowering prices of support subscription offerings. In addition, the increased pace of consolidation in certain industries may result in reduced overall spending on our support subscription offerings or
professional services.  We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or
within any particular industry. If the economic conditions of the general economy or industries in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be harmed.
CONTENT_75:

CONTENT_76:
We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business
challenges, including the need to develop new features or otherwise enhance HDP, HDF or our other technologies, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity
or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could
have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and
operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms that are favorable to us, if
at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms that are satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired,
and our business may be harmed.
CONTENT_77:

CONTENT_78:
Under GAAP, we review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or
amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required to record a significant charge to
earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, which could harm our results of operations.
CONTENT_79:

CONTENT_80:
As of December 31, 2015, we had federal, state and foreign tax net operating loss carryforwards (&#147;NOLs&#148;) of $253.0 million,
$223.1 million and $1.2 million, respectively, due to prior period losses. In general, under 
   29 




Table of Contents

 
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes an &#147;ownership change&#148; is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize
its NOLs to offset future taxable income. Our existing NOLs may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, including in connection with our initial public offering, concurrent private placement or follow-on offering, and if
we undergo an ownership change in the future, our ability to utilize NOLs could be further limited by Section 382 of the Code. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change
under Section 382 of the Code. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. There is also a risk that, due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs,
or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. For these reasons, we may not be able to realize a tax benefit from the use of our NOLs, whether or not we attain
profitability.
CONTENT_81:

CONTENT_82:
Some of our customers and other business
partners are affiliated with certain of our directors or hold shares of our capital stock, or both. For example, we have entered into strategic relationships and/or customer relationships with Yahoo!, Red Hat and Hewlett Packard
Enterprise. Our directors Jay Rossiter, Paul Cormier and Martin Fink are employees of Yahoo!, Red Hat and Hewlett Packard Enterprise, respectively, and Yahoo! and Hewlett Packard Enterprise are stockholders. We believe that the
transactions and agreements that we have entered into with related parties are on terms that are at least as favorable as could reasonably have been obtained at such time from third parties. However, these relationships could create, or appear to
create, potential conflicts of interest when our Board of Directors is faced with decisions that could have different implications for us and these other parties or their affiliates. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise between us and these
other parties and their affiliates. The appearance of conflicts, even if such conflicts do not materialize, might adversely affect the public&#146;s perception of us, as well as our relationship with other companies and our ability to enter into new
relationships in the future, including with competitors of such related parties, which could harm our business and results of operations.
CONTENT_83:

CONTENT_84:
Our corporate headquarters are located in Santa Clara, California and we utilize data centers that are located in North America. Additionally,
we rely on our network and third-party infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems and our website for our development, marketing, operational support, hosted services and sales activities. The west coast of the United
States contains active earthquake zones. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane, or catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, cyber-attack, war, or terrorist attack, we may be unable to continue our operations
and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our application development, extended interruptions in HDP and HDF, breaches of data security and loss of critical data, all of which could harm our future results of operations.
CONTENT_85:

CONTENT_86:
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#147;Sarbanes Oxley Act&#148;) requires, among other
things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow
management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. A report of our management is included under Item 9A. &#147;Controls and Procedures&#148; of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. During its evaluation of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, management identified a material weakness related to the control surrounding the recognition of revenue and deferred revenue for a subset of
non-standard license transactions where post-contract support renewal rates were stated upon commencement of the arrangement. Our findings are related to the design effectiveness of this control. Each of the aforementioned transactions originated
prior to our establishment and formalization of 
   30 




Table of Contents

 
Section 404 internal controls in July 2015. A secondary review of these specific agreements was not performed at a sufficiently detailed level to detect errors in recognition of revenue and
deferred revenue related to these arrangements. With the oversight of management and our Audit Committee, we initiated actions to address the root causes of the material weakness identified. There can be no assurance that such actions will be
sufficient to remedy the material weakness identified or that additional or other control deficiencies will not be identified in the future. If we continue to experience a material weakness in our internal controls or fail to maintain or implement
required new or improved controls, such circumstances could cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements, or adversely affect the results of periodic management
evaluations and annual auditor attestation reports. Each of the foregoing results could cause stockholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information and lead to a decline in our stock price. See Item 9A. &#147;Controls and
Procedures&#148; for more information.
CONTENT_87:

CONTENT_88:

CONTENT_89:
The trading price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile and
could fluctuate widely regardless of our operating performance. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections;
  


 
&#149;
 
 failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates and publication of other news by any
securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;   


 
&#149;
 
 ratings changes by any securities analysts who follow our company; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital
commitments;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular;
  


 
&#149;
 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole;
  


 
&#149;
 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors&#146; businesses or the competitive landscape generally;
  


 
&#149;
 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or our offerings, or third-party proprietary rights; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws, or regulations applicable to our business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 any major change in our Board of Directors or management; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; and   


 
&#149;
 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events. 
   31 




Table of Contents

 In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have
affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. Stock prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.
In particular, the trading price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly in recent periods. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility, and a securities class action
litigation was recently instituted against us, which we believe was triggered by the recent fluctuations of the trading price of our common stock. This securities litigation and any other securities litigation we may become involved in may subject
us to substantial costs, may divert resources and the attention of management from operating our business and may harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
CONTENT_90:

CONTENT_91:
As of March 4, 2016, our directors, officers, five percent
or greater stockholders, and their respective affiliates beneficially owned in the aggregate approximately 41 percent of our outstanding voting stock. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For
example, these stockholders will be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited
acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders.
CONTENT_92:

CONTENT_93:

CONTENT_94:

CONTENT_95:

CONTENT_96:

CONTENT_97:

CONTENT_98:

CONTENT_99:
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our
common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business, and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to
stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our stock price, which may never occur.
CONTENT_100:

CONTENT_101:
The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or
our business. If few securities analysts cover us, or if industry analysts cease 
   34 




Table of Contents

 
coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common
stock price and trading volume to decline.
CONTENT_102:

CONTENT_103:

CONTENT_104:

CONTENT_105:

