CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:
We have incurred net losses in each fiscal period since our inception,
including net losses of $67.5 million, $50.1 million, and $40.2 million in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. At March 31, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $199.1 million. We expect to continue to
expend substantial financial and other resources on, among other things:   


 
&#149;
 
sales and marketing, including expanding our direct sales organization and marketing programs, particularly for larger customers;   


 
&#149;
 
investments in our research and development team, and the development of new products, capabilities, features, and functionality;   


 
&#149;
 
expansion of our operations and infrastructure, both domestically and internationally;   


 
&#149;
 
hiring of additional employees; and   


 
&#149;
 
general administration, including legal, accounting, and other expenses related to being a public company. 
These investments may not result in increased revenue or growth of our business. We expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to
decline over time. Accordingly, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to offset our expected cost increases and to achieve and sustain profitability. If we fail to achieve and sustain profitability, our operating results and business
would be harmed.
CONTENT_4:

CONTENT_5:
We were founded in 2007 and launched our first commercial product in 2008. This limited operating
history limits our ability to forecast our future operating results and subjects us to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our
future performance. We have encountered and will encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as determining appropriate investments of our limited resources, market adoption of
our existing and future products and platform capabilities, competition from other companies, acquiring and retaining customers, hiring, integrating, training and retaining skilled personnel, developing new products and platform capabilities,
determining prices and pricing structures for our products and platform capabilities, unforeseen expenses, and challenges in forecasting accuracy. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan our business, are
incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results and our business could suffer.
CONTENT_6:

CONTENT_7:
We have experienced significant growth in our customer adoption and have expanded and intend to continue to significantly expand our
operations, including our domestic and international employee headcount. This growth has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. 
   17 




Table of Contents

 To manage this growth effectively, we must continue to improve our operational, financial, and
management systems and controls by, among other things:   


 
&#149;
 
effectively attracting, training, and integrating a large number of new employees, particularly members of our sales and marketing teams and employees and consultants in jurisdictions outside of the United States;
  


 
&#149;
 
further improving our key business systems, processes, and information technology infrastructure, including our and third-party hosted data centers, to support our business needs; 
 


 
&#149;
 
enhancing our information, training, and communication systems to ensure that our employees are well-coordinated and can effectively communicate with each other and our customers; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
improving our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures to ensure timely and accurate reporting of our operational and financial results. 
If we fail to manage our expansion, implement and transition to our new systems, implement improvements, or maintain effective internal
controls and procedures, our costs and expenses may increase more than we plan and we may lose the ability to increase our customer adoption, enhance our existing solutions, develop new solutions, satisfy our customers, respond to competitive
pressures, or otherwise execute our business plan. If we are unable to manage our growth, our operating results likely will be harmed.
CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:
Our future success depends in part on our ability to sell more subscriptions and additional products to our current customers. If our customers
do not purchase additional subscriptions and products from us, our revenue may decline and our operating results may be harmed.  In
addition, in order for us to maintain or improve our operating results, it is important that our customers enter into paid subscriptions and renew their subscriptions when the contract term expires. The large majority of our customers start their
accounts on a free trial and have no obligation to begin a paid subscription. Our customers that enter into paid subscriptions have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after the expiration of their subscription period. Subscription periods
are most often one year in length, but in recent fiscal years we have secured an increased percentage of multi-year commitments with respect to new paid business accounts. In addition, our customers may renew for lower subscription amounts or for
shorter contract lengths. Some of our customers have elected not to renew their agreements with us and we cannot accurately predict future net expansion rates. Moreover, certain legacy customers with annual subscriptions have the right to cancel
their agreements prior to the termination of the subscription term.  Our customer expansions and renewals may decline or fluctuate as a
result of a number of factors, including: customer usage, customer satisfaction with our products and platform capabilities and customer support, our prices, the prices of competing products, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base,
consolidation of affiliates&#146; multiple paid business accounts into a single paid business account, the effects of global economic conditions, or reductions in our customers&#146; spending levels generally. These factors may also increase to the
extent our customer base continues to grow to encompass larger enterprises.
CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:
Our ability to attract new customers and increase revenue from existing customers depends in large part on our ability to enhance and improve
our existing products, increase adoption and usage of our products, and introduce new products and capabilities. The success of any enhancement or new products depends on several 
   18 




Table of Contents

 
factors, including timely completion, adequate quality testing, introduction, and market acceptance. Any new products that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner,
may contain errors or defects, or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue. If we are unable to successfully enhance our existing products to meet customer requirements, increase adoption and usage of our
products, or develop new products, our business and operating results will be harmed.
CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:
Most of our
customers currently use our products to support application performance management functions, and the majority of our revenue to date has been from our application performance management products. Our ability to grow our business depends in part on
our ability to persuade current and future customers to expand their use of our software to additional use cases, such as business analytics and customer usage analytics. If we fail to achieve market acceptance of our software, or if a competitor
establishes a more widely adopted solution, our ability to grow our business and financial results will be adversely affected. In addition, as the amount of data stored for a given customer grows, that customer may have to agree to higher
subscription fees for certain of our software or limit the amount of data stored in order to stay within the limits of its existing subscription. If their fees grow significantly, customers may react adversely to this pricing model, particularly if
they perceive that the value of our software has become eclipsed by such fees or otherwise.
CONTENT_14:

CONTENT_15:
We expect that we may need to change our pricing model from time to
time, including as a result of global economic conditions, reductions in our customers&#146; spending levels generally or changes in how computing infrastructure is broadly consumed. In addition, as we introduce new products or services, or as a
result of the evolution of our existing products and services, we may have difficulty determining the appropriate price structure for our products. Similarly, as new and existing competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours,
or revise their pricing structures, we may be unable to attract new customers at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used historically. Moreover, as we continue to target selling our products to larger organizations, these
larger organizations may demand substantial price concessions. As a result, in the future we may be required from time to time to revise our pricing structure or reduce our prices, which could adversely affect our business.
CONTENT_16:

CONTENT_17:
Our ability to increase our customer adoption and achieve broader market acceptance of our products
will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our marketing and sales operations. We plan to continue expanding our sales force, both domestically and internationally. We also dedicate significant resources to sales and marketing
programs, including Internet and other online advertising. For example, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, sales and marketing expenses represented 72% of our revenue. The effectiveness of our online advertising has varied over time
and may vary in the future due to competition. Moreover, we have historically had success selling our products to small and medium-sized businesses and we have only within the last couple years focused on selling our products to larger
organizations. We have expanded and are continuing to expand our marketing and sales capabilities to target larger organizations but there is no guarantee that we will be successful continuing to attract and maintain these larger organizations as
customers, and even if we are successful, these efforts may divert our resources away from and negatively impact our ability to attract and maintain small and medium-sized businesses as customers. All of these efforts have required and will continue
to require us to invest significant financial and other resources. If we are unable to hire, develop, and retain talented sales personnel, if our sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if
our sales and marketing programs are not effective, our ability to increase our customer adoption and achieve broader market acceptance of our products could be harmed. 
   19 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:
Our
growth strategy is dependent, in part, upon the continued increase of sales to large enterprises. Sales to large customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with sales to smaller entities, such as longer
sales cycles, more complex customer requirements, substantial upfront sales costs, and less predictability in completing some of our sales. Large enterprise customers often begin to deploy our products on a limited basis, but nevertheless demand
extensive configuration, integration services, and pricing negotiations, which increase our upfront investment in the sales effort with no guarantee that these customers will deploy our products widely enough across their organization to justify our
substantial upfront investment. In addition, our ability to improve our sales of products to large enterprises is dependent on us continuing to attract and retain sales personnel with experience in selling to large organizations. Also, because
security breaches with respect to larger, high-profile enterprises are likely to be heavily publicized, there is increased reputational risk associated with serving such customers. If we are unable to continue to increase sales of our products to
large enterprise customers while mitigating the risks associated with serving such customers, our business, financial position, and results of operations may suffer.
CONTENT_20:

CONTENT_21:
Our operations involve protection of our
intellectual property, along with the storage and transmission and processing of our customers&#146; proprietary data, which customers might choose to have include some personally identifiable information, and security breaches, computer malware,
and computer hacking attacks could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, loss of business, severe reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence, regulatory investigations and orders, litigation, indemnity
obligations, damages for contract breach, penalties for violation of applicable laws or regulations, and significant costs for remediation and incentives offered to customers or other business partners in an effort to maintain business relationships
after a breach and other liabilities.  Cyber-attacks and other malicious Internet-based activity continue to increase generally. If our
security measures are perceived as weak or actually compromised as a result of third-party action, employee or customer error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials, or otherwise, our customers may curtail or stop using our
products, our reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed, and we could incur significant liability. We may be unable to anticipate or prevent techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems because they change
frequently and generally are not detected until after an incident has occurred. As we increase our customer adoption and our brand becomes more widely known and recognized, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our
security systems or gain unauthorized access to our customers&#146; data.  If we are not able to detect and indicate activity on our
platform that might be nefarious in nature, our customers could suffer harm. In such cases, we could face exposure, particularly if the customer suffered actual harm. We cannot assure you that any limitations of liability provisions in our contracts
for a security lapse or breach would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We also cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage will continue to be
available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims related to a security breach, or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large
claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, including our expansion rates, financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
   20 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_22:

CONTENT_23:
We are subject to federal, state, and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security, and transfer of personally
identifiable information. The regulatory framework for privacy and security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. We publicly post documentation regarding our practices concerning the
processing, use, and disclosure of data. Any failure by us, our suppliers, or other parties with whom we do business to comply with this documentation or with other federal, state, or international regulations could result in proceedings against us
by governmental entities or others. In many jurisdictions, enforcement actions and consequences for noncompliance are rising. In the United States, these include rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of federal agencies and state
attorneys general and legislatures and consumer protection agencies. In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups have regularly proposed, and may propose in the future, self-regulatory standards with which we must legally comply or that
contractually apply to us, like the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard or PCI DSS. If we fail to follow these security standards, such as those set forth in the PCI DSS, even if no customer information is compromised, we may incur
significant fines or experience a significant increase in costs.  Internationally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has
established its own data security and privacy legal framework with which we or our customers must comply, including but not limited to the European Union, or EU. The EU&#146;s data protection landscape is currently unstable, resulting in possible
significant operational costs for internal compliance and risk to our business. In late 2015, the European Court of Justice deemed the U.S.-E.U. Safe Harbor invalid, removing that mechanism from those
available to ensure adequate protection for personal data transfers from the E.U. to the U.S. under the current Data Protection Directive, or the Directive. In the past, we relied on adherence to the U.S.-E.U. Safe Harbor Frameworks to enable
transfer of personal data to us by our E.U. customers, acting as data controllers. Although we process some personal data relating to our customer&#146;s employees who log in and use our service (including first name, last name, and email address),
our customers determine whether or not personal data of their end users, or data subjects, is processed using our services. We, as a data processor, do not control or monitor the types of data that a customer sends to our services; we rely on
customers to ensure their collection complies with applicable laws, guidelines, regulations, and frameworks. If a customer does not comply, we may incur costs from governmental investigation or other liability. In light of these recent developments
in the EU, we have begun efforts to conform transfers of personal data from the EEA based on current regulatory obligations, the guidance of data protection authorities, and evolving best practices. Despite this, we may be unsuccessful in
establishing conforming means of transferring such data from the European Economic Area, or EEA, including due to ongoing legislative activity, which may alter the current data protection landscape. For example, the General Data Protection
Regulation, or GDPR, will replace the Directive. The GDPR contains numerous requirements and changes, including heightened requirements for &#147;consent,&#148; more robust, comprehensive data protection compliance programs by companies, and
retention of a data protection officer if the company performs certain types of data processing. Complying with the GDPR may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to change our business practices. Despite our efforts to bring
practices into compliance before the effective date of the GDPR, we may not be successful either due to internal or external factors such as resource allocation limitations or a lack of vendor cooperation.
Non-compliance could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. We may also experience difficulty retaining or obtaining new European or
multi-national customers due to the compliance cost, potential risk exposure, and uncertainty for these entities. We may find it necessary to establish systems to maintain personal data originating from the EU
in the EEA, which may involve substantial expense and distraction from other aspects of our business. In the meantime, there could be uncertainty as to how to comply with EU privacy law. 
Because the interpretation and application of many privacy and data protection laws along with contractually imposed industry standards are
uncertain, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our products and platform capabilities. If so, in addition to the possibility of
fines, lawsuits, and other claims and penalties, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our products and platform capabilities, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Any inability
to 
   21 




Table of Contents

 
adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable privacy and data security laws, regulations, and policies, could result in additional cost and
liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our
customers may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our products. Privacy and data security concerns, whether valid or not valid, may inhibit market adoption of our products, particularly in certain industries and foreign
countries. If we are not able to adjust to changing laws, regulations, and standards related to the Internet, our business may be harmed.
CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:
The software industry is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and practices, and changing customer needs,
requirements, and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes on a timely basis. If we are unable to develop and sell new products that satisfy our customers and
provide enhancements and new features for our existing products and platform capabilities that keep pace with rapid technological and industry change, our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected. If new technologies emerge that are
able to deliver competitive products and applications at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely, such technologies could adversely impact our ability to compete. 
Our platform must also integrate with a variety of network, hardware, mobile, and software platforms, and technologies, and we need to
continuously modify and enhance our products and platform capabilities to adapt to changes and innovation in these technologies. If developers widely adopt new software platforms, we would have to develop new versions of our products and platform
capabilities to work with those new platforms. This development effort may require significant engineering, marketing, and sales resources, all of which would affect our business and operating results. Any failure of our products and platform
capabilities to operate effectively with future infrastructure platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our products. If we are unable to respond to these changes in a cost-effective manner, our products may become less marketable and
less competitive or obsolete, and our operating results may be negatively affected.
CONTENT_26:

CONTENT_27:
We are dependent upon lead generation strategies to generate sales opportunities. These strategies may not be successful in continuing to
generate sufficient sales opportunities necessary to increase our revenue. To the extent that we are unable to successfully attract paying customers, we will not realize the intended benefits of these marketing strategies and our ability to grow our
revenue will be adversely affected.
CONTENT_28:

CONTENT_29:
The market for application performance monitoring is rapidly evolving, significantly
fragmented, and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry in some segments. Our competitors fall into four primary categories:   


 
&#149;
 
software performance providers such as AppDynamics, Inc., Dynatrace LLC, and Splunk Inc.;   


 
&#149;
 
diversified technology companies such as Hewlett-Packard Company, International Business Machines Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, and Oracle Corporation; 
 


 
&#149;
 
large enterprise software and service companies such as BMC Software, Inc., CA, Inc., Riverbed Technology, Inc., and SAP SE; and   


 
&#149;
 
companies offering analytics products competing with our New Relic Insights product, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Google Inc., and Webtrends Inc. 
   22 




Table of Contents

 Some of our competitors and potential competitors are larger and have greater name recognition,
longer operating histories, more established customer relationships, larger budgets, and significantly greater resources than we do, and have the operating flexibility to bundle competing products and services with other software offerings at little
or no perceived incremental cost, including offering them at a lower price as part of a larger sale. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies,
standards, or customer requirements. In addition, some competitors may offer products or services that address one or a limited number of functions at lower prices or with greater depth than our products. Our current and potential competitors may
develop and market new technologies with comparable functionality to our products and platform capabilities, and this could lead to us having to decrease prices in order to remain competitive. 
With the introduction of new technologies, the evolution of our products and platform capabilities and new market entrants, we expect
competition to intensify in the future. Moreover, as we expand the scope of our solutions, we may face additional competition. Additionally, some potential customers, particularly large enterprises, may elect to develop their own internal products.
If one or more of our competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, the change in the competitive landscape could also adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. If we are unable to maintain our current pricing due
to the competitive pressures, our margins will be reduced and our operating results will be negatively affected. In addition, pricing pressures and increased competition generally could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses, or the
failure of our solutions to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance, any of which could harm our business.
CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:
We generally recognize revenue from customers ratably over the terms of their subscriptions. A portion of the revenue we report in each quarter
is derived from the recognition of revenue relating to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any single quarter may have a small impact on our revenue for that quarter.
However, such a decline will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our solutions, and potential changes in our rate of renewals, may not be fully
reflected in our results of operations until future periods. In addition, a significant majority of our costs are expensed as incurred, while revenue is recognized over the life of the agreement with our customer. As a result, increased growth in
the number of our customers could continue to result in our recognition of more costs than revenue in the earlier periods of the terms of our agreements.
CONTENT_32:

CONTENT_33:
Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our products and platform
capabilities at any time and within an acceptable amount of time. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages, and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes,
introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users accessing our products and platform capabilities simultaneously, denial of service attacks, or other security related
incidents. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times and as our products and platform capabilities become more complex and our user traffic increases. If our products and
platform capabilities are unavailable or if our users are unable to access our products and platform capabilities within a reasonable amount of time or at all, our business would be negatively affected. To the extent that we do not effectively
address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed, and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results may be adversely affected.

   23 




Table of Contents

 In addition, we currently serve our customers from a third-party data center hosting facility
located in Chicago, Illinois and, to a lesser extent, a combination of cloud hosting providers. The continuous availability of our products and platform capabilities depends on the operations of our Chicago data center, on our cloud hosting
providers, on a variety of network service providers, on third-party vendors, and on our own site operations staff. We depend on our third-party facility provider&#146;s ability to protect our Chicago data center facility against damage or
interruption from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures, criminal acts, and similar events. If there are any lapses of service or damage to the facility, we could experience lengthy interruptions in our products and platform
capabilities as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging new facilities and services. Even with current and planned disaster recovery arrangements, which, to date, have not been tested in an actual crisis, our business could be harmed.
Also, in the event of damage or interruption, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for any losses that we may incur. These factors in turn could further reduce our revenue, subject us to liability, and cause us to issue credits or
cause customers not to renew their subscriptions, any of which could harm our business.
CONTENT_34:

CONTENT_35:
Our customers use our products and
platform capabilities for important aspects of their businesses, and any errors, defects, or disruptions to our products and platform capabilities or other performance problems with our products and platform capabilities could hurt our brand and
reputation and may damage our customers&#146; businesses. We provide regular product updates, which may contain undetected errors when first introduced or released. In the past, we have discovered software errors, failures, vulnerabilities, and bugs
in our products and platform capabilities after they have been released and new errors in our existing products and platform capabilities may be detected in the future. Real or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our products and platform
capabilities could result in negative publicity, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products, loss of competitive position, delay of payment to us, lower renewal rates, or claims by customers for losses sustained by them. In such an event,
we may be required, or may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem. In addition, we may not carry insurance sufficient to compensate us for the any losses that may result
from claims arising from defects or disruptions in our products and platform capabilities. As a result, we could lose future sales and our reputation and our brand could be harmed.
CONTENT_36:

CONTENT_37:
We have made and will continue to make substantial investments in new equipment to
support growth at our Chicago data center hosting facility, provide enhanced levels of products and platform capabilities to our customers, and reduce future costs of subscription revenue. In addition, we may need to add additional data centers or
similar resources to support our growth or as a result of regulatory requirements that may be applicable to us. We have also invested in a combination of cloud hosting providers to serve our customers for certain portions of our service. Ongoing or
future improvements to our cloud infrastructure may be more expensive than we anticipate, and may not yield the expected savings in operating costs or the expected performance benefits. We may not be able to maintain or achieve cost savings from our
investments, which could harm our financial results.  We may need to change our current operations infrastructure in order for us to
achieve profitability and scale our operations efficiently, which makes our future prospects even more difficult to evaluate. For example, in order to grow sales to commercial and enterprise customers in a financially sustainable manner, we may need
to further customize our offering and modify our go-to-market strategy to reduce our operating and customer acquisition costs. If we fail to implement these changes on a timely basis or are unable to implement them effectively, our business may
suffer. 
   24 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_38:

CONTENT_39:
A component of our growth
strategy involves the further expansion of our operations and customer adoption internationally. Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and subjects us to regulatory, economic, and political risks
that are different from those in the United States. We have limited operating experience in international markets, and we cannot assure you that our expansion efforts into international markets will be successful. Our international expansion efforts
may not be successful in creating further demand for our products outside of the United States or in effectively selling our products in the international markets we enter. Our current international operations and future initiatives will involve a
variety of risks, including:   


 
&#149;
 
changes in a specific country&#146;s or region&#146;s political or economic conditions;   


 
&#149;
 
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, taxes, or trade laws;   


 
&#149;
 
regional data security and privacy laws and regulations and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information, particularly in the European Union; 
 


 
&#149;
 
differing labor regulations, especially in the European Union, where labor laws are generally more advantageous to employees as compared to the United States, including deemed hourly wage and overtime regulations in
these locations;   


 
&#149;
 
challenges inherent in efficiently managing an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits, and compliance programs;
  


 
&#149;
 
difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, and regulatory systems; 
 


 
&#149;
 
increased travel, real estate, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with international operations;   


 
&#149;
 
currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of entering into hedging transactions if we chose to do so in the future; 
 


 
&#149;
 
limitations on our ability to repatriate earnings;   


 
&#149;
 
laws and business practices favoring local competitors, or general preferences for local vendors;   


 
&#149;
 
limited or insufficient intellectual property protection;   


 
&#149;
 
exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption, export controls and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; and
  


 
&#149;
 
adverse tax burdens and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash or create other collection difficulties. 
Our limited experience operating our business internationally increases the risk that recent and any potential future expansion efforts will
not be successful. If substantial time and resources invested to expand our international operations do not result in a successful outcome, our operating results and business will suffer.
CONTENT_40:

CONTENT_41:
Our success and future growth depend largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and
other key employees in the areas of research and development, marketing, sales, services, and general administrative functions. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team or other key employees resulting from the hiring
or departure of these personnel. Our executive officers and other key 
   25 




Table of Contents

 
employees are employed on an at-will basis, which means that these personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers, especially
our Chief Executive Officer, Lewis Cirne, and our President, Hilarie Koplow-McAdams, or the failure by our executive team to effectively work with our employees and lead our company could harm our business. We also are dependent on the continued
service of our existing software engineers because of the complexity of our products and platform capabilities.  In addition, to execute
our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these personnel in the San Francisco Bay Area and the Portland area, where our headquarters and the majority of our research and development personnel are
located, respectively, and in other locations where we maintain offices, is intense, especially for engineers experienced in designing and developing software and SaaS applications and experienced sales professionals. We have from time to time
experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire
employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached their legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. In addition, prospective and existing
employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, or experiences significant volatility, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and
retain key employees. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected.
CONTENT_42:

CONTENT_43:
We believe that our development of the New Relic brand is critical to achieving widespread awareness of our
existing and future Software Analytics solutions, and, as a result, is important to attracting new customers and maintaining existing customers. We also believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our market
increases. Successful promotion of our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, including our ability to do so in a cost-effective manner, and on our ability to provide reliable and useful products at competitive
prices. In the past, our efforts to build our brand have involved significant expenses. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our
brand.
CONTENT_44:

CONTENT_45:
We believe that our corporate culture has been a critical
component to our success. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team. As we grow and mature as a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain our corporate culture. Any failure to preserve our culture could
negatively affect our future success, including our ability to recruit and retain personnel and effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives.
CONTENT_46:

CONTENT_47:
We
have in the past and may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, products and platform capabilities, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our products and platform capabilities, enhance our technical
capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. Any acquisition may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not the acquisitions
are completed, and may result in unforeseen operating 
   26 




Table of Contents

 
difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products and platform capabilities, personnel, or operations
of the acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired company choose not to work for us, their software is not easily adapted to work with our platform, or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business
due to changes in ownership, management, or otherwise. Acquisitions may also disrupt our business, divert our resources, and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our existing business. Any
acquisitions we are able to complete may not result in any synergies or other benefits we had expected to achieve, which could result in impairment charges that could be substantial. In addition, we may not be able to find and identify desirable
acquisition targets or be successful in entering into an agreement with any particular target. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results.
In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our operating results, business, and financial condition may suffer or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities.
CONTENT_48:

CONTENT_49:
There is considerable patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our
success depends in part on not infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. From time to time, our competitors or other third parties may claim that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be
infringing upon such rights. For example, we are currently party to a suit brought against us by CA, Inc. that alleges, among other things, that we have infringed on certain patents held by CA, Inc. See Part I, Item 3 &#147;Legal
Proceedings.&#148; In the future, we may receive claims that our products, platform capabilities, and underlying technology infringe or violate the claimant&#146;s intellectual property rights. Any claims or litigation, regardless of merit, could
cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our products and platform capabilities, or require that we comply
with other unfavorable terms.  Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and
resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business and operating results. We expect that the occurrence of infringement claims is likely to grow as the market for Software Analytics products
grows. Accordingly, our exposure to damages resulting from infringement claims could increase and this could further exhaust our financial and management resources.
CONTENT_50:

CONTENT_51:
Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We rely on a combination of
trademarks, trade secret laws, patent, copyrights, service marks, contractual restrictions, and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to establish and protect our proprietary rights. However, the steps we take to protect
our intellectual property may be inadequate. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. If we fail to protect our intellectual
property rights adequately, our competitors may gain access to our technology and our business may be harmed. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense. Any patents, trademarks, or other intellectual
property rights that we obtain may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. As of March 31, 2016, we had four pending patent applications and no issued patents. Despite our pending patent
applications, we may be unable to obtain any patent protection for our technology. In addition, any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal
standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our products and platform capabilities and
use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours. Effective patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our products is available.
The laws of 
   27 




Table of Contents

 
some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. As
we expand our international activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our products and platform capabilities and proprietary information will likely increase. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third
parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property.  We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment
agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with other parties. No assurance can be given that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our proprietary information.
Further, these agreements may not prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products and platform capabilities. 
In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our
intellectual property rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly,
time-consuming, and distracting to management, and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Further, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and
countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our
management&#146;s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our products and platform capabilities, impair the functionality of our products and platform capabilities, delay introductions of new solutions, result in
our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our products, or injure our reputation.
CONTENT_52:

CONTENT_53:
We use open source software in our products and
platform capabilities and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. We may face claims from others claiming ownership of, or seeking to enforce the terms of, an open source license, including by demanding release of the open
source software, derivative works, or our proprietary source code that was developed using such software. These claims could also result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license, or require us to devote additional research and
development resources to change our platform, any of which would have a negative effect on our business and operating results. In addition, if the license terms for the open source software we utilize change, we may be forced to reengineer or
discontinue our products and platform capabilities or incur additional costs. We cannot be certain that we have not incorporated open source software in our products and platform capabilities in a manner that is inconsistent with our policies.
CONTENT_54:

CONTENT_55:
Some of our customer agreements provide service level commitments. If we are unable to meet the stated service level commitments or suffer
extended periods of unavailability for our products and platform capabilities, we may be contractually obligated to provide these customers with service credits or refunds for prepaid amounts related to unused subscriptions, or we could face
contract terminations. Our revenue could be significantly affected if we suffer unscheduled downtime that exceeds the allowed downtimes under our agreements with our customers. Any extended service outages could adversely affect our reputation,
revenue, and operating results.
CONTENT_56:

CONTENT_57:
The market for SaaS business software is less mature than traditional
on-premise software applications, and the adoption rate of SaaS business software may be slower among subscribers in industries with heightened data 
   28 




Table of Contents

 
security interests or business practices requiring highly-customizable application software. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the widespread adoption of SaaS business software
in general, but we do not know to what extent the trend of adoption of SaaS solutions will continue in the future. In particular, many organizations have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate legacy software into their
businesses over time, and some have been reluctant or unwilling to migrate to SaaS. It is difficult to predict customer adoption rates and demand for our products, the future growth rate and size of the SaaS business software market, or the entry of
competitive applications. The expansion of the SaaS business software market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with SaaS, as well as the ability of SaaS providers to address data security
and privacy concerns. If SaaS business software does not continue to achieve market acceptance, or there is a reduction in demand for SaaS business software caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, weakening economic
conditions, data security or privacy concerns, governmental regulation, competing technologies and products, or decreases in information technology spending, it would result in decreased revenue and our business would be adversely affected.
CONTENT_58:

CONTENT_59:
We provide software that enables third-party software developers to build plugins that integrate with our products and platform capabilities.
We operate a community website for sharing these third-party plugins. This presents certain risks to our business, including:   


 
&#149;
 
third-party developers may not continue developing or supporting the plugins that they share on our community website;   


 
&#149;
 
we cannot provide any assurance that these plugins meet the same quality standards that we apply to our own development efforts, and, to the extent they contain bugs, defects, or security risks, they may create
disruptions in our customers&#146; use of our software or negatively affect our brand;   


 
&#149;
 
we do not currently provide support for plugins developed by third-party software developers, and users may be left without support and potentially cease using our products if the third-party software developers do not
provide support for these plugins; and   


 
&#149;
 
these third-party software developers may not possess the appropriate intellectual property rights to develop and share their plugins. 
Many of these risks are not within our control to prevent, and our brand may be damaged if these plugins do not perform to our customers&#146;
satisfaction and that dissatisfaction is attributed to us.
CONTENT_60:

CONTENT_61:
We do not
know when or if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fund our ongoing operations. In the future, we may require additional capital to respond to business opportunities that may arise, including the need to develop new products and
platform capabilities or enhance our existing products and platform capabilities, enhance our operating infrastructure, possible acquisitions of complementary businesses and technologies, a decline in the level of subscriptions for our products, or
other unforeseen circumstances. We may not be able to timely secure additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, or at all. Any debt financing obtained by us could involve restrictive covenants relating to financial and operational
matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity, convertible debt securities, or
other securities convertible into equity, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution in their percentage ownership of our company, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those
of holders of our common stock. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited, and
our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed. 
   29 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_62:

CONTENT_63:
Market
opportunity estimates and growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. Our estimates and forecasts relating to the size and expected growth of our market may
prove to be inaccurate. Even if the market in which we compete meets our size estimates and forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all.
CONTENT_64:

CONTENT_65:
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax
liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, certain non-deductible
expenses as a result of acquisitions, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in federal, state, or international tax laws and accounting principles. Further, each jurisdiction has different rules and regulations governing
sales and use, value added, and similar taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that change over time. Certain jurisdictions in which we did not collect such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable,
which could result in tax assessments, penalties, and interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. In addition, we may be subject to income tax audits by many tax jurisdictions throughout the world, many of which have not
established clear guidance on the tax treatment of SaaS-based companies. Any tax assessments, penalties, and interest, or future requirements may adversely affect our results of operations. Moreover, imposition of such taxes on us going forward will
effectively increase the cost of our products to our customers and might adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers or to gain new customers in the areas in which such taxes are imposed. 
In addition, the application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions, including the United States, to our international business activities
is subject to interpretation and depends on our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The taxing authorities of jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our
methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, including our transfer pricing, or determine that the manner in which we operate our business does not achieve the intended tax consequences. As we operate in numerous
taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws can also be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. It is not uncommon for taxing authorities in different countries to have
conflicting views, for instance, with respect to, among other things, the manner in which the arm&#146;s length standard is applied for transfer pricing purposes, or with respect to the valuation of intellectual property.
CONTENT_66:

CONTENT_67:
As of March 31, 2016, we had U.S. federal and state net operating losses of approximately $215.6 million and $114.3 million, respectively,
which may be utilized against future income taxes. In general, a corporation that undergoes an &#147;ownership change&#148; is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses, or NOLs, to offset future taxable
income. In general, an ownership change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders (generally 5% stockholders, applying certain look-through and aggregation rules) increases by more than 50% over such stockholders&#146; lowest
percentage ownership during the testing period (generally three years). Purchases of our common stock in amounts greater than specified levels, which are beyond our control, could create a limitation on our ability to utilize our NOLs for tax
purposes in the future. Limitations imposed on our ability to utilize NOLs could cause U.S. federal and state income taxes to be paid earlier than would be paid if such limitations were not in effect and could cause such NOLs to expire unused, in
each case reducing or eliminating the benefit of such NOLs. Furthermore, we may not be able to generate 
   30 




Table of Contents

 
sufficient taxable income to utilize our NOLs before they expire. If any of these events occur, we may not derive some or all of the expected benefits from our NOLs. In addition, at the state
level there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which would accelerate or may permanently increase state taxes owed.
CONTENT_68:

CONTENT_69:
We may in the future conduct transactions in currencies other than the U.S. dollar or the functional operating currency of the transactional
entities. While we have historically transacted in U.S. dollars with substantially all of our customers and vendors, we have transacted in foreign currencies and may transact in foreign currencies in the future. In addition, any international
subsidiaries will maintain net assets that are denominated in currencies other than the functional operating currencies of these entities. Accordingly, changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar can affect our revenue and
operating results due to transactional and translational remeasurement that is reflected in our earnings. As a result of such foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, it could be more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and
results of operations. In addition, to the extent that fluctuations in currency exchange rates cause our results of operations to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors, the trading price of our common stock could be
adversely affected. We do not currently maintain a program to hedge transactional exposures in foreign currencies. However, in the future, we may use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain
exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the
hedges are in place. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments.
CONTENT_70:

CONTENT_71:
Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. Global financial developments and downturns seemingly unrelated to us
or the information technology industry may harm us. The United States and other key international economies have been impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability,
volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies, and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. The revenue growth and potential profitability of our business depends on demand for software applications and products
generally, and application performance monitoring and our other Software Analytics offerings specifically. In addition, our revenue is dependent on the number of users of our products and the degree of adoption of such users with respect to our
Software Analytics products and platform capabilities. Historically, during economic downturns there have been reductions in spending on information technology systems as well as pressure for extended billing terms and other financial concessions,
which would limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results. These conditions affect the rate of information technology spending and could adversely affect our customers&#146; ability or willingness to purchase our
products, delay prospective customers&#146; purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscriptions, or affect renewal rates, all of which could harm our operating results.
CONTENT_72:

CONTENT_73:

CONTENT_74:

CONTENT_75:

CONTENT_76:

CONTENT_77:
Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate widely as
a result of the risks and uncertainties described in this report, many of which are outside of our control. If our financial results fall below the expectations of investors or any securities analysts who follow our stock, the price of our common
stock could decline substantially.  We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue, operating results, and cash flows may
not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts in a particular quarter, or below any guidance we may
provide, the price of our common stock could decline.
CONTENT_78:

CONTENT_79:
The market price of our common stock is subject to wide
fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Since shares of our common stock were sold in our IPO in December 2014 at a price of $23.00 per share, the reported high and low sales prices of our common stock has
ranged from $40.13 to $20.39 through March 31, 2016. In addition to the factors discussed in this &#147;Risk Factors&#148; section and elsewhere in this report, factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our common stock
include the following:   


 
&#149;
 
actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;   


 
&#149;
 
the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections, or our failure to meet these projections;   



 
&#149;
 
failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates and publication of other news by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet
these estimates or the expectations of investors;   


 
&#149;
 
ratings changes by any securities analysts who follow our company;   


 
&#149;
 
announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 
 


 
&#149;
 
changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 


 
&#149;
 
price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 
 


 
&#149;
 
changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles;   


 
&#149;
 
actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors&#146; businesses or the competitive landscape generally;   


 
&#149;
 
developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or our products and platform capabilities, or third-party proprietary rights; 
 


 
&#149;
 
announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors;   


 
&#149;
 
new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws, or regulations applicable to our business;   


 
&#149;
 
changes in our board of directors or management;   


 
&#149;
 
sales of shares of our common stock by us, our officers, directors, or other stockholders; 
   33 




Table of Contents




 
&#149;
 
lawsuits filed or threatened against us; and   


 
&#149;
 
other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events. 
In addition, the market for technology stocks and the stock markets in general have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Stock
prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market
volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial
condition, and cash flows. A decline in the value of our common stock, including as a result of one or more factors set forth above, may result in substantial losses for our stockholders.
CONTENT_80:

CONTENT_81:
The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors,
executive officers, and significant stockholders, a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale, or the perception in the market that holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. Additionally, the
shares of common stock subject to outstanding options under our equity incentive plans and the shares reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans, as well as shares issuable upon vesting of restricted stock awards, will become
eligible for sale in the public market in the future, subject to certain legal and contractual limitations. Moreover, some holders of shares of our common stock have rights, subject to certain conditions, to require us to file registration
statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or our stockholders. We have also registered shares of common stock that we may issue under our employee equity incentive plans.
Accordingly, these shares may be able to be sold freely in the public market upon issuance as permitted by any applicable vesting requirements.
CONTENT_82:

CONTENT_83:
As of March 31, 2016, our directors and officers and their respective affiliated entities beneficially owned in the aggregate
approximately 47.7% of our outstanding voting stock, including 21.9% beneficially held by our founder, Chief Executive Officer, and director, Lewis Cirne. As a result, these stockholders have the ability to influence us through this ownership
position. For example, these stockholders may be able to exert significant control in connection with elections of directors or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited
acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders.
CONTENT_84:

CONTENT_85:
The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or
our business. If industry analysts cease coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about
our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and
trading volume to decline. 
   34 




Table of Contents
CONTENT_86:

CONTENT_87:
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or
preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that:   


 
&#149;
 
authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock with terms, rights, and preferences determined by our board of directors that may be senior
to our common stock;   


 
&#149;
 
require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 
 


 
&#149;
 
specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the Chairman of our board of directors, or our Chief Executive Officer; 
 


 
&#149;
 
establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 
 


 
&#149;
 
provide that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving three-year staggered terms;   


 
&#149;
 
prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors;   


 
&#149;
 
provide that our directors may be removed only for cause;   


 
&#149;
 
provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
require the approval of our board of directors or the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of our outstanding shares of capital stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of
incorporation.  These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the
provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any &#147;interested&#148; stockholder for a period of three
years following the date on which the stockholder became an &#147;interested&#148; stockholder. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our management could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
CONTENT_88:

CONTENT_89:
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the
development, operation, and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock may be prohibited or limited by the
terms of any future debt financing arrangements. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our stock price, which may never occur. 
<B
