CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:

CONTENT_5:
The global semiconductor market in general, and the RF receiver market in particular, are highly competitive. We compete in different target markets to various degrees on the basis of a number of principal competitive factors, including our products&#8217; performance, features and functionality, energy efficiency, size, ease of system design, customer support, product roadmap, reputation, reliability and price, as well as on the basis of our customer support, the quality of our product roadmap and our reputation. We expect competition to increase and intensify as a result of industry consolidation and the resulting creation of larger semiconductor companies. In addition, we expect the internal resources of large, integrated original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, may continue to enter our markets. Increased competition could result in price pressure, reduced profitability and loss of market share, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, revenue, revenue growth rates and operating results.14Table of ContentsAs our products are integrated into a variety of electronic devices, we compete with suppliers of both can tuners and traditional silicon RF receivers, and with providers of physical medium devices for optical interconnect markets. Our competitors range from large, international companies offering a wide range of semiconductor products to smaller companies specializing in narrow markets and internal engineering groups within television, set-top box, data modems and gateway, satellite low-noise blocker, and optical module manufacturers, some of which may be our customers. Our primary competitors include Silicon Labs, NXP B.V., RDA Microelectronics, Inc., Broadcom Ltd (created through the merger of Broadcom Corporation and Avago Technologies Limited), and Rafael Microelectronics, Inc. Inphi Corporation, M/A-COM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc., Semtech Corporation, Qorvo Inc., Microsemi Corporation (which acquired PMC-Sierra), Texas Instruments, and Analog Devices. It is quite likely that competition in the markets in which we participate will increase in the future as existing competitors improve or expand their product offerings. In addition, it is quite likely that a number of other public and private companies are in the process of developing competing products for digital television and other broadband communication applications. Because our products often are building block semiconductors which provide functions that in some cases can be integrated into more complex integrated circuits, we also face competition from manufacturers of integrated circuits, some of which may be existing customers or platform partners that develop their own integrated circuit products. If we cannot offer an attractive solution for applications where our competitors offer more fully integrated tuner/demodulator/video processing products, we may lose significant market share to our competitors. Certain of our competitors have fully integrated tuner/demodulator/video processing solutions targeting high performance cable, satellite, or DTV applications, and thereby potentially provide customers with smaller and cheaper solutions. Some of our targeted customers for our optical interconnect solutions are module makers who are vertically integrated, where we compete with internally supplied components.Our ability to compete successfully depends on factors both within and outside of our control, including industry and general economic trends. During past periods of downturns in our industry, competition in the markets in which we operate intensified as manufacturers of semiconductors reduced prices in order to combat production overcapacity and high inventory levels. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources with which to withstand similar adverse economic or market conditions in the future. Moreover, the competitive landscape is changing as a result of consolidation within our industry as some of our competitors have merged with or been acquired by other competitors, and other competitors have begun to collaborate with each other. These developments may materially and adversely affect our current and future target markets and our ability to compete successfully in those markets.
CONTENT_6:
For fiscal 2016, two customers accounted for 37%&#32;of our net revenue, and our ten largest customers accounted for 74%&#32;of our net revenue.  For fiscal 2015, two customers accounted for approximately&#160;41%&#160;of our net revenue, and our ten largest customers collectively accounted for approximately&#160;76%&#160;of our net revenue. For fiscal 2014, one customer accounted for approximately&#160;31%&#160;of our net revenue, and our ten largest customers collectively accounted for approximately&#160;67%&#160;of our net revenue.  We expect that our operating results for the foreseeable future will continue to show a substantial but declining percentage of sales dependent on a relatively small number of customers and on the ability of these customers to sell products that incorporate our RF receivers or RF receiver SoCs, digital STB video SoCs, DBS ODU, and MoCA&#174; connectivity solutions. In the future, these customers may decide not to purchase our products at all, may purchase fewer products than they did in the past, or may defer or cancel purchases or otherwise alter their purchasing patterns. Factors that could affect our revenue from these large customers include the following:&#8226;substantially all of our sales to date have been made on a purchase order basis, which permits our customers to cancel, change or delay product purchase commitments with little or no notice to us and without penalty;&#8226;some of our customers have sought or are seeking relationships with current or potential competitors which may affect their purchasing decisions; and&#8226;service provider and OEM consolidation across cable, satellite, and fiber markets could result in significant changes to our customers&#8217; technology development and deployment priorities and roadmaps, which could affect our ability to forecast demand accurately and could lead to increased volatility in our business. In addition, delays in development could impair our relationships with our strategic customers and negatively impact sales of the products under development. Moreover, it is possible that our customers may develop their own product or adopt a 15Table of Contentscompetitor&#8217;s solution for products that they currently buy from us. If that happens, our sales would decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.Our relationships with some customers may deter other potential customers who compete with these customers from buying our products. To attract new customers or retain existing customers, we may offer these customers favorable prices on our products. In that event, our average selling prices and gross margins would decline. The loss of a key customer, a reduction in sales to any key customer or our inability to attract new significant customers could seriously impact our revenue and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
CONTENT_7:
For fiscal 2016, revenue directly attributable to operator applications accounted for approximately 75%&#32;of our net revenue.  For fiscal 2015, revenue directly attributable to these applications accounted for approximately 75%&#32;of our net revenue. For fiscal 2014, revenue directly attributable to cable and satellite operator applications accounted for approximately 76%&#32;of our net revenue.  Delays in the development of, or unexpected developments in the operator applications markets could have an adverse effect on order activity by manufacturers in these markets and, as a result, on our business, revenue, operating results and financial condition. In addition, consolidation trends among television operators may continue, which could have a material adverse effect on our future operating results and financial condition. Most recently, we experienced sharper than previously anticipated declines in our legacy video SoC revenues as a result of the acquisition of Time Warner Cable by Charter Communication
CONTENT_8:
Currently, we sell most of our products to manufacturers of applications for television, terrestrial set-top boxes for sale in various markets worldwide including, but not limited to, cable broadband voice and data modems and gateways, pay-TV set-top boxes and gateways into cable and satellite operator markets, satellite outdoor units or LNB&#8217;s, optical modules for long-haul and metro telecommunications markets and RF transceivers and modem solutions for wireless infrastructure markets. Our future revenue growth, if any, will depend in part on our ability to further penetrate into, and expand beyond, these markets with analog and mixed-signal solutions targeting the markets for high-speed optical interconnects for datacenter, metro, and long-haul optical modules, telecommunications wireless infrastructure, and cable DOCSIS 3.1 network infrastructure products.  Each of these markets presents distinct and substantial risks. If any of these markets do not develop as we currently anticipate, or if we are unable to penetrate them successfully, it could materially and adversely affect our revenue and revenue growth rate, if any.Broadband data modems/gateways and pay-TV and satellite set-top boxes and video gateways continue to represent our largest North American and European revenue generator. The North American and European pay-TV set-top box market is dominated by only a few OEMs, including Technicolor (which includes Cisco's former connected devices business), Arris Group, Inc. (includes Pace plc acquired by Arris Group, Inc. in January 2016), Humax Co., Ltd. and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. These OEMs are large multinational corporations with substantial negotiating power relative to us and are undergoing significant consolidation. Securing design wins with any of these companies requires a substantial investment of our time and resources. Even if we succeed, additional testing and operational certifications will be required by the OEMs&#8217; customers, which include large pay-TV television companies such as Comcast Corporation, Liberty Global plc, Charter Spectrum, AT&amp;T and EchoStar Corporation. In addition, our products will need to be compatible with other components in our customers&#8217; designs, including components produced by our competitors or potential competitors. There can be no assurance that these other companies will support or continue to support our products.If we fail to penetrate these or other new markets upon which we target our resources, our revenue and revenue growth rate, if any, likely will decrease over time and our financial condition could suffer.
CONTENT_9:
The semiconductor industry requires substantial investment in research and development in order to develop and bring to market new and enhanced technologies and products. Many of our products originated with our research and development efforts and we believe have provided us with a significant competitive advantage. For fiscal 2016, our research and development expense was $97.7 million.  For fiscal 2015, our research and development expense was $85.4 million. For fiscal 16Table of Contents2014, our research and development expense was $56.6 million.  For fiscal 2016&#32;and 2015, we continued to increase our research and development expenditures as part of our strategy of devoting focused research and development efforts on the development of innovative and sustainable product platforms. We are committed to investing in new product development internally in order to stay competitive in our markets and plan to maintain research and development and design capabilities for new solutions in advanced semiconductor process nodes such as 28nm and 16nm and beyond. We do not know whether we will have sufficient resources to maintain the level of investment in research and development required to remain competitive as semiconductor process nodes continue to shrink and become increasingly complex. In addition, we cannot assure you that the technologies which are the focus of our research and development expenditures will become commercially successful.
CONTENT_10:
We have been experiencing significant growth in a short period of time. Our net revenue increased from approximately&#160;$133.1 million&#160;in&#160;2014, to $300.4 million&#160;in&#160;2015&#32;and $387.8 million&#32;in 2016, in part due to acquisitions. We may not achieve similar growth rates in future periods. You should not rely on our operating results for any prior quarterly or annual periods as an indication of our future operating performance. If we are unable to maintain adequate revenue growth, our financial results could suffer and our stock price could decline.To manage our growth successfully and handle the responsibilities of being a public company, we believe we must effectively, among other things:&#8226;recruit, hire, train and manage additional qualified engineers for our research and development activities, especially in the positions of design engineering, product and test engineering and applications engineering;&#8226;add sales personnel and expand customer engineering support offices;&#8226;implement and improve our administrative, financial and operational systems, procedures and controls; and&#8226;enhance our information technology support for enterprise resource planning and design engineering by adapting and expanding our systems and tool capabilities, and properly training new hires as to their use.If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities or develop new products and we may fail to satisfy customer requirements, maintain product quality, execute our business plan or respond to competitive pressures.
CONTENT_11:
&#32;In addition to the acquisition of the wireless infrastructure backhaul business of Broadcom Corporation, which we completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we also acquired the&#160;wireless infrastructure access business&#160;of Microsemi Storage Solutions, Inc., formerly known as PMC-Sierra, Inc., which we completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2016, Entropic Communications, Inc., which we completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2015, and Physpeed, Co., Ltd., which we completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we may, from time to time, make acquisitions, enter into alliances or make investments in other businesses to complement our existing product offerings, augment our market coverage or enhance our technological capabilities. However, any such transactions could result in:&#8226;issuances of equity securities dilutive to our existing stockholders;&#8226;substantial cash payments;&#8226;the incurrence of substantial debt and assumption of unknown liabilities;&#8226;large one-time write-offs;&#8226;amortization expenses related to intangible assets;&#8226;a limitation on our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards;&#8226;the diversion of management's time and attention from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges;17Table of Contents&#8226;stockholder or other litigation relating to the transaction;&#8226;adverse tax consequences; and&#8226;the potential loss of key employees, customers and suppliers of the acquired business.Additionally, in periods subsequent to an acquisition, we must evaluate goodwill and acquisition-related intangible assets for impairment. If such assets are found to be impaired, they will be written down to estimated fair value, with a charge against earnings.Integrating acquired organizations and their products and services, including the integration of completed acquisitions, may be expensive, time-consuming and a strain on our resources and our relationships with employees, customers, distributors and suppliers, and ultimately may not be successful. The benefits or synergies we may expect from the acquisition of complementary or supplementary businesses may not be realized to the extent or in the time frame we initially anticipate. Some of the risks that may affect our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses, including the wireless infrastructure backhaul business of Broadcom Corporation, the&#160;wireless infrastructure access business&#160;of Microsemi Storage Solutions, Inc., Entropic Communications, Inc. and Physpeed, Co., Ltd., include those associated with:&#8226;failure to successfully further develop the acquired products or technology;&#8226;conforming the acquired company&#8217;s standards, policies, processes, procedures and controls with our operations;&#8226;coordinating new product and process development, especially with respect to highly complex technologies;&#8226;loss of key employees or customers of the acquired company;&#8226;hiring additional management and other critical personnel;&#8226;in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries;&#8226;increasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations;&#8226;consolidation of facilities, integration of the acquired company&#8217;s accounting, human resource and other administrative functions and coordination of product, engineering and sales and marketing functions;&#8226;the geographic distance between the companies;&#8226;liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities; and&#8226;litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims for terminated employees, customers, former stockholders or other third parties.On or about August 2, 2016, Trango Systems, Inc., or Trango, filed a complaint in the Superior Court of California, County of San Diego, Central Division, against defendants Broadcom Corporation, Inc., or Broadcom, and us, collectively, Defendants.  On or about December 6, 2016 Trango filed its second amended complaint.  Trango is a purchaser that alleges various fraud, breach of contract, and interference with economic relations claims in connection with the discontinuance of a chip line we recently acquired from Broadcom.  Trango seeks unspecified general and special damages, pre-judgment interest, expenses and costs, statutory penalties, attorneys&#8217; fees, punitive damages, and unspecified injunctive and equitable relief.  We intend to vigorously defend against the lawsuit.  On January 11, 2017, we filed our demurrer to each cause of action in the second amended complaint.We cannot predict the outcome of the Trango Systems, Inc. litigation. Any adverse determination in the Trango Systems, Inc. litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.18Table of Contents
CONTENT_12:
Highly complex products like our RF receivers and RF receiver SoCs, physical medium devices for optical modules, and RF transceiver and modem solutions for wireless infrastructure markets may contain defects and bugs when they are first introduced or as new versions are released. We have previously experienced, and may in the future experience, defects and bugs and, in particular, have identified several million dollars of liabilities arising from warranty claims related to legacy Entropic products. Where any of our products, including legacy acquired products, contain defects or bugs, or have reliability, quality or compatibility problems, we may not be able to successfully correct these problems. Consequently, our reputation may be damaged and customers may be reluctant to buy our products, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers, and our financial results. In addition, these defects or bugs could interrupt or delay sales to our customers. If any of these problems are not found until after we have commenced commercial production of a new product (as in the case of the legacy Entropic products experiencing warranty claims), we may be required to incur additional development costs and product recall, repair or replacement costs, and our operating costs could be adversely affected. These problems may also result in warranty or product liability claims against us by our customers or others that may require us to make significant expenditures to defend these claims or pay damage awards. In the event of a warranty claim, we may also incur costs if we compensate the affected customer. We maintain product liability insurance, but this insurance is limited in amount and subject to significant deductibles. There is no guarantee that our insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all claims. We also may incur costs and expenses relating to a recall of one of our customers&#8217; products containing one of our devices. The process of identifying a recalled product in devices that have been widely distributed may be lengthy and require significant resources, and we may incur significant replacement costs, contract damage claims from our customers and reputational harm. Costs or payments made in connection with warranty and product liability claims and product recalls could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_13:
We may experience substantial period-to-period fluctuations in future operating results due to the erosion of our average selling prices. From time to time, we have reduced the average unit price of our products due to competitive pricing pressures, new product introductions by us or our competitors, and for other reasons, and we expect that we will have to do so again in the future. If we are unable to offset any reductions in our average selling prices by increasing our sales volumes or introducing new products with higher margins, our revenue and gross margins will suffer. To support our gross margins, we must develop and introduce new products and product enhancements on a timely basis and continually reduce our and our customers&#8217; costs. Our inability to do so would cause our revenue and gross margins to decline.
CONTENT_14:
We operate in a dynamic environment characterized by rapidly changing technologies and industry standards and technological obsolescence. To compete successfully, we must design, develop, market and sell new or enhanced products that provide increasingly higher levels of performance and reliability and meet the cost expectations of our customers. The introduction of new products by our competitors, the market acceptance of products based on new or alternative technologies, or the emergence of new industry standards could render our existing or future products obsolete. Our failure to anticipate or timely develop new or enhanced products or technologies in response to technological shifts could result in decreased revenue and our competitors winning more competitive bid processes, known as &#8220;design wins.&#8221; In particular, we may experience difficulties with product design, manufacturing, marketing or certification that could delay or prevent our development, introduction or marketing of new or enhanced products. If we fail to introduce new or enhanced products that meet the needs of our customers or penetrate new markets in a timely fashion, we will lose market share and our operating results will be adversely affected.In particular, we believe that we will need to develop new products in part to respond to changing dynamics and trends in our end user markets, including (among other trends) consolidation among cable and satellite operators, potential industry shifts away from the hardware devices and other technologies that incorporate our products, and changes in consumer television viewing habits and how consumers access and receive broadcast content and digital broadband services. We cannot predict how these trends will continue to develop or how or to what extent they may affect our future revenues and operating results. We believe that we will need to continue to make substantial investments in research and development in an attempt to ensure a product roadmap that anticipates these types of changes; however, we cannot provide any assurances that we will accurately 19Table of Contentspredict the direction in which our markets will evolve or that we will be able to develop, market, or sell new products that respond to such changes successfully or in a timely manner, if at all.
CONTENT_15:
The semiconductor industry is characterized by companies that hold large numbers of patents and other intellectual property rights and that vigorously pursue, protect and enforce intellectual property rights. Third parties have in the past and may in the future assert against us and our customers and distributors their patent and other intellectual property rights to technologies that are important to our business. In particular, from time to time, we receive correspondence from competitors seeking to engage us in discussions concerning potential claims against us, and we receive correspondence from customers seeking indemnification for potential claims related to infringement claims asserted against down-stream users of our products. We investigate these requests as received and could be required to enter license agreements with respect to third party intellectual property rights or indemnify third parties, either of which could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. On January 21, 2014, CrestaTech Technology Corporation, or CrestaTech, filed a complaint for patent infringement against us in the United States District Court of Delaware, or the District Court Litigation. In its complaint, CrestaTech alleges that we infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 7,075,585, or the '585 Patent and 7,265,792, or the '792 Patent. In addition to asking for compensatory damages, CrestaTech alleges willful infringement and seeks a permanent injunction. CrestaTech also names Sharp Corporation, Sharp Electronics Corp. and VIZIO, Inc. as defendants based upon their alleged use of our television tuners.On January 28, 2014, CrestaTech filed a complaint with the U.S. International Trade Commission, or ITC, again naming, among others, us, Sharp, Sharp Electronics, and VIZIO, or the ITC Investigation. On May 16, 2014, the ITC granted CrestaTech&#8217;s motion to file an amended complaint adding six OEM Respondents, namely, SIO International, Inc., Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., Wistron Corp., Wistron Infocomm Technology (America) Corp., Top Victory Investments Ltd. and TPV International (USA), Inc. which are collectively referred to with us, Sharp and VIZIO as the Company Respondents. CrestaTech&#8217;s ITC complaint alleged a violation of 19 U.S.C. &#167; 1337 through the importation into the United States, the sale for importation, or the sale within the United States after importation of MaxLinear&#8217;s accused products that CrestaTech alleged infringe the same two patents asserted in the Delaware action. Through its ITC complaint, CrestaTech sought an exclusion order preventing entry into the United States of certain of our television tuners and televisions containing such tuners from Sharp, Sharp Electronics, and VIZIO. CrestaTech also sought a cease and desist order prohibiting the Company Respondents from engaging in the importation into, sale for importation into, the sale after importation of, or otherwise transferring within the United States certain of our television tuners or televisions containing such tuners.On March 10, 2014, the court stayed the District Court Litigation pending resolution of the ITC Investigation.On December 15, 2014, the ITC held a trial in the ITC Investigation. On February 27, 2015, the Administrative Law Judge, or the ALJ, issued a written Initial Determination, or ID, ruling that the Company Respondents do not violate Section 1337 in connection with CrestaTech&#8217;s asserted patents because CrestaTech failed to satisfy the economic prong of the domestic industry requirement pursuant to Section 1337(a)(2). In addition, the ID stated that certain of our television tuners and televisions incorporating those tuners manufactured and sold by certain customers infringe three claims of the &#8216;585 Patent, and these three claims were not determined to be invalid. On April 30, 2015, the ITC issued a notice indicating that it intended to review portions of the ID finding no violation of Section 1337, including the ID&#8217;s findings of infringement with respect to, and validity of, the &#8216;585 Patent, and the ID&#8217;s finding that CrestaTech failed to establish the existence of a domestic industry within the meaning of Section 1337.The ITC has subsequently issued its opinion, which terminated its investigation. The opinion affirmed the findings of the ALJ that no violation of Section 1337 had occurred because CrestaTech had failed to establish the economic prong of the domestic industry requirement. The ITC also affirmed the ALJ's finding of infringement with respect to the three claims of the '585 Patent that were not held to be invalid. On November 30, 2015, CrestaTech filed an appeal of the ITC decision with the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, or the Federal Circuit. On March 7, 2016, CrestaTech voluntarily dismissed its appeal, resulting in a final determination of the ITC Investigation in our favor. In addition, we have filed four petitions for inter partes review, or IPR, by the US Patent Office, two for each of the CrestaTech patents asserted against us. The Patent Trial and Appeal Board, or the PTAB, did not institute two of these IPRs as 20Table of Contentsbeing redundant to IPRs filed by another party that were already underway for the same CrestaTech patent.&#160;The remaining two petitions were instituted or instituted-in-part and, together with the IPRs filed by third parties, there are currently six pending IPR proceedings involving the two CrestaTech patents asserted against us.&#160;In October 2015, the PTAB issued final decisions in two of the six pending IPR proceedings (one for each of the two asserted patents), holding that all of the reviewed claims are unpatentable. Included in these decisions was one of the three claims of the &#8216;585 Patent mentioned above in connection with the ITC&#8217;s final decision. CrestaTech appealed the PTAB&#8217;s decisions at the Federal Circuit. On November 8, 2016, the Federal Circuit issued an opinion affirming the PTAB&#8217;s finding of unpatentability.In August 2016, the PTAB issued final written decisions in the remaining four pending IPR proceedings (two for each of the asserted patents), holding that many of the reviewed claims - including the two remaining claims of the &#8216;585 Patent which the ITC held were infringed - are unpatentable. As a result of these IPR decisions, all 13 claims that CrestaTech asserted against us in the ITC Investigation have been found to be unpatentable by the PTAB. The parties have filed notices to appeal the two decisions related to the &#8216;585 Patent.  Opening briefs are currently due in late January - early February 2017. CrestaTech, however, did not appeal the PTAB&#8217;s rulings related to the &#8216;792 Patent.On March 18, 2016, CrestaTech filed a petition for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in the Northern District of California. As a result of this proceeding, all rights in the CrestaTech asserted patents, including the right to control the pending litigation, were assigned to CF Crespe LLC, or CF Crespe. CF Crespe is now the named party in the pending IPRs, the Federal Circuit appeal and District Court Litigation. CF Crespe has not sought to lift the stay in the District Court Litigation given the resolution of the ITC Investigation.We cannot predict the outcome of any appeal by CF Crespe, CrestaTech, the District Court Litigation, or the IPRs. Any adverse determination in the District Court Litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.Claims that our products, processes or technology infringe third-party intellectual property rights, regardless of their merit or resolution and including the CrestaTech claims, are costly to defend or settle and could divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel. In addition, many of our customer and distributor agreements require us to indemnify and defend our customers or distributors from third-party infringement claims and pay damages in the case of adverse rulings. Claims of this sort also could harm our relationships with our customers or distributors and might deter future customers from doing business with us. In order to maintain our relationships with existing customers and secure business from new customers, we have been required from time to time to provide additional assurances beyond our standard terms. If any future proceedings result in an adverse outcome, we could be required to:&#8226;cease the manufacture, use or sale of the infringing products, processes or technology;&#8226;pay substantial damages for infringement;&#8226;expend significant resources to develop non-infringing products, processes or technology;&#8226;license technology from the third-party claiming infringement, which license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all;&#8226;cross-license our technology to a competitor to resolve an infringement claim, which could weaken our ability to compete with that competitor; or&#8226;pay substantial damages to our customers or end users to discontinue their use of or to replace infringing technology sold to them with non-infringing technology.Any of the foregoing results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_16:
Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets in the United States and in selected foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is appropriate. Effective patent, copyright, trademark 21Table of Contentsand trade secret protection may be unavailable, limited or not applied for in some countries. Some of our products and technologies are not covered by any patent or patent application. We cannot guarantee that:&#8226;any of our present or future patents or patent claims will not lapse or be invalidated, circumvented, challenged or abandoned;&#8226;our intellectual property rights will provide competitive advantages to us;&#8226;our ability to assert our intellectual property rights against potential competitors or to settle current or future disputes will not be limited by our agreements with third parties;&#8226;any of our pending or future patent applications will be issued or have the coverage originally sought;&#8226;our intellectual property rights will be enforced in jurisdictions where competition may be intense or where legal protection may be weak;&#8226;any of the trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights that we presently employ in our business will not lapse or be invalidated, circumvented, challenged or abandoned; or&#8226;we will not lose the ability to assert our intellectual property rights against or to license our technology to others and collect royalties or other payments.In addition, our competitors or others may design around our protected patents or technologies. Effective intellectual property protection may be unavailable or more limited in one or more relevant jurisdictions relative to those protections available in the United States, or may not be applied for in one or more relevant jurisdictions. If we pursue litigation to assert our intellectual property rights, an adverse decision in any of these legal actions could limit our ability to assert our intellectual property rights, limit the value of our technology or otherwise negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property may have occurred or may occur in the future. Although we have taken steps to minimize the risk of this occurring, any such failure to identify unauthorized use and otherwise adequately protect our intellectual property would adversely affect our business. Moreover, if we are required to commence litigation, whether as a plaintiff or defendant as has occurred with CrestaTech, not only will this be time-consuming, but we will also be forced to incur significant costs and divert our attention and efforts of our employees, which could, in turn, result in lower revenue and higher expenses.We also rely on customary contractual protections with our customers, suppliers, distributors, employees and consultants, and we implement security measures to protect our trade secrets. We cannot assure you that these contractual protections and security measures will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any such breach or that our suppliers, employees or consultants will not assert rights to intellectual property arising out of such contracts.In addition, we have a number of third-party patent and intellectual property license agreements. Some of these license agreements require us to make one-time payments or ongoing royalty payments. Also, a few of our license agreements contain most-favored nation clauses or other price restriction clauses which may affect the amount we may charge for our products, processes or technology. We cannot guarantee that the third-party patents and technology we license will not be licensed to our competitors or others in the semiconductor industry. In the future, we may need to obtain additional licenses, renew existing license agreements or otherwise replace existing technology. We are unable to predict whether these license agreements can be obtained or renewed or the technology can be replaced on acceptable terms, or at all.When we settled a trademark dispute with Linear Technology Corporation, we agreed not to register the &#8220;MAXLINEAR&#8221; mark or any other marks containing the term &#8220;LINEAR&#8221;. We may continue to use &#8220;MAXLINEAR&#8221; as a corporate identifier, including to advertise our products and services, but may not use that mark on our products.&#160;The agreement does not affect our ability to use our registered trademark &#8220;MxL&#8221;, which we use on our products. Due to our agreement not to register the &#8220;MAXLINEAR&#8221; mark, our ability to effectively prevent third parties from using the &#8220;MAXLINEAR&#8221; mark in connection with similar products or technology may be affected. If we are unable to protect our trademarks, we may experience difficulties in achieving and maintaining brand recognition and customer loyalty.22Table of Contents
CONTENT_17:
In the year ended December 31, 2016, sales of our RF receiver products used in digital terrestrial television applications, or DTT, including digital televisions, terrestrial set-top boxes, and terrestrial receivers in satellite video gateways represented a declining, but not insignificant, portion of our revenues. We expect a declining but not insignificant portion of our revenue in future periods to continue to depend on the demand for DTT applications. In contrast to the United States, where the transition from analog to digital television occurred on a national basis in June 2009, in Europe and other parts of the world, the digital transition is being phased in on a local and regional basis and is expected to occur over many years. Many countries in Eastern Europe and Latin America are expected to convert to digital television by the end of 2018, with other countries targeting dates as late as 2024. As a result, our future revenue will depend in part on government mandates requiring conversion from analog to digital television and on the timing and implementation of those mandates. If the ongoing global transition to digital TV standards does not continue to progress or experiences significant delays, our business, revenue, operating results and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. If during the transition to digital TV standards, consumers disproportionately purchase TV&#8217;s with digital or hybrid tuning capabilities, this could diminish the size of the market for our digital-to-analog converter set-top box solutions, and as result our business, revenue, operating results and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected.
CONTENT_18:
We do not have our own manufacturing facilities. We operate an outsourced manufacturing business model that utilizes third-party foundry and assembly and test capabilities. As a result, we rely on third-party foundry wafer fabrication and assembly and test capacity, including sole sourcing for many components or products. Currently, all of our products are manufactured by United Microelectronics Corporation, or UMC, Silterra Malaysia Sdn Bhd, Global Foundries, Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation, or SMIC, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corp, or TSMC, Tower-Jazz Semiconductor, and WIN Semiconductor at foundries in Taiwan, Singapore, Malaysia, China, and the United States. We also use third-party contractors for all of our assembly and test operations.Relying on third party manufacturing, assembly and testing presents significant risks to us, including the following:&#8226;failure by us, our customers, or their end customers to qualify a selected supplier;&#8226;capacity shortages during periods of high demand;&#8226;reduced control over delivery schedules and quality;&#8226;shortages of materials;&#8226;misappropriation of our intellectual property;&#8226;limited warranties on wafers or products supplied to us; and&#8226;potential increases in prices.The ability and willingness of our third-party contractors to perform is largely outside our control. If one or more of our contract manufacturers or other outsourcers fails to perform its obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to market and our reputation could suffer. For example, in the event that manufacturing capacity is reduced or eliminated at one or more facilities, including as a response to the recent worldwide decline in the semiconductor industry, manufacturing could be disrupted, we could have difficulties fulfilling our customer orders and our net revenue could decline. In addition, if these third parties fail to deliver quality products and components on time and at reasonable prices, we could have difficulties fulfilling our customer orders, our net revenue could decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.Additionally, our manufacturing capacity may be similarly reduced or eliminated at one or more facilities due to the fact that our fabrication and assembly and test contractors are all located in the Pacific Rim region, principally in China, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia. The risk of earthquakes in these geographies is significant due to the proximity of major earthquake fault lines, and Taiwan in particular is also subject to typhoons and other Pacific storms. Earthquakes, fire, flooding, or other natural disasters in Taiwan or the Pacific Rim region, or political unrest, war, labor strikes, work stoppages or public health 23Table of Contentscrises, such as outbreaks of H1N1 flu, in countries where our contractors&#8217; facilities are located could result in the disruption of our foundry, assembly or test capacity. Any disruption resulting from these events could cause significant delays in shipments of our products until we are able to shift our manufacturing, assembly or test from the affected contractor to another third-party vendor. There can be no assurance that alternative capacity could be obtained on favorable terms, if at all.
CONTENT_19:
We currently do not have long-term supply contracts with any of our third-party vendors, including UMC, Silterra Malaysia Sdn Bhd, Global Foundries, SMIC, TSMC, Jazz Semiconductor, and WIN Semiconductor. We make substantially all of our purchases on a purchase order basis, and neither UMC nor our other contract manufacturers are required to supply us products for any specific period or in any specific quantity. Foundry capacity may not be available when we need it or at reasonable prices. Availability of foundry capacity has in the past been reduced from time to time due to strong demand. Foundries can allocate capacity to the production of other companies&#8217; products and reduce deliveries to us on short notice. It is possible that foundry customers that are larger and better financed than we are, or that have long-term agreements with our foundry, may induce our foundry to reallocate capacity to them. This reallocation could impair our ability to secure the supply of components that we need. We expect that it would take approximately nine to twelve months to transition performance of our foundry or assembly services to new providers. Such a transition would likely require a qualification process by our customers or their end customers. We generally place orders for products with some of our suppliers approximately four to five months prior to the anticipated delivery date, with order volumes based on our forecasts of demand from our customers. Accordingly, if we inaccurately forecast demand for our products, we may be unable to obtain adequate and cost-effective foundry or assembly capacity from our third-party contractors to meet our customers&#8217; delivery requirements, or we may accumulate excess inventories. On occasion, we have been unable to adequately respond to unexpected increases in customer purchase orders and therefore were unable to benefit from this incremental demand. None of our third-party contractors has provided any assurance to us that adequate capacity will be available to us within the time required to meet additional demand for our products.To address capacity considerations, we are in the process of qualifying additional semiconductor fabricators. Qualification will not occur if we identify a defect in a fabricator&#8217;s manufacturing process or if our customers choose not to invest the time and expense required to qualify the proposed fabricator. If full qualification of a fabricator does not occur, we may not be able to sell all of the materials produced by this fabricator or to fulfill demand for our products, which would adversely affect our business, revenue and operating results. In addition, the resulting write-off of unusable inventories would have an adverse effect on our operating results.
CONTENT_20:
Our recent operating history has focused on developing integrated circuits for specific terrestrial, cable and satellite television, and broadband voice and data applications, and as part of our strategy, we seek to expand our addressable market into new product categories. For example, we have recently expanded into the market for satellite set-top and gateway boxes and outdoor units and physical medium devices for the optical interconnect markets, and through the Broadcom and Microsemi business line acquisitions have entered the markets for wireless telecommunications infrastructure and cable network infrastructure. Our limited operating experience in these new markets or potential markets we may enter, combined with the rapidly evolving nature of our markets in general, substantial uncertainty concerning how these markets may develop and other factors beyond our control, reduces our ability to accurately forecast quarterly or annual revenue. If our revenue does not increase as anticipated, we could incur significant losses due to our higher expense levels if we are not able to decrease our expenses in a timely manner to offset any shortfall in future revenue.
CONTENT_21:
Our future success depends on our ability to retain, attract and motivate qualified personnel, including our management, sales and marketing and finance, and especially our design and technical personnel. We do not know whether we will be able to retain all of these personnel as we continue to pursue our business strategy. Historically, we have encountered difficulties in hiring and retaining qualified engineers because there is a limited pool of engineers with the expertise required in our field. Competition for these personnel is intense in the semiconductor industry. As the source of our technological and product innovations, our design and technical personnel represent a significant asset. The loss of the services of one or more of our key employees, especially our key design and technical personnel, or our inability to retain, attract and motivate qualified design and technical personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.24Table of Contents
CONTENT_22:
Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our senior management team. None of our senior management team is bound by written employment contracts to remain with us for a specified period. In addition, we have not entered into non-compete agreements with members of our senior management team. The loss of any member of our senior management team could harm our ability to implement our business strategy and respond to the rapidly changing market conditions in which we operate.
CONTENT_23:

CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:
Our revenue is generated on the basis of purchase orders with our customers rather than long-term purchase commitments. In addition, our customers can cancel purchase orders or defer the shipments of our products under certain circumstances. Our products are manufactured using a silicon foundry according to our estimates of customer demand, which 25Table of Contentsrequires us to make separate demand forecast assumptions for every customer, each of which may introduce significant variability into our aggregate estimate. We have limited visibility into future customer demand and the product mix that our customers will require, which could adversely affect our revenue forecasts and operating margins. Moreover, because our target markets are relatively new, many of our customers have difficulty accurately forecasting their product requirements and estimating the timing of their new product introductions, which ultimately affects their demand for our products. Historically, because of this limited visibility, actual results have been different from our forecasts of customer demand. Some of these differences have been material, leading to excess inventory or product shortages and revenue and margin forecasts above those we were actually able to achieve. These differences may occur in the future, and the adverse impact of these differences between forecasts and actual results could grow if we are successful in selling more products to some customers. In addition, the rapid pace of innovation in our industry could render significant portions of our inventory obsolete. Excess or obsolete inventory levels could result in unexpected expenses or increases in our reserves that could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Conversely, if we were to underestimate customer demand or if sufficient manufacturing capacity were unavailable, we could forego revenue opportunities, potentially lose market share and damage our customer relationships. In addition, any significant future cancellations or deferrals of product orders or the return of previously sold products due to manufacturing defects could materially and adversely impact our profit margins, increase our write-offs due to product obsolescence and restrict our ability to fund our operations.
CONTENT_26:
We are focused on securing design wins to develop RF receivers and RF receiver SoCs, MoCA SoCs, DBS-ODU SoCs, physical medium devices for optical modules, and SoC solutions targeting infrastructure opportunities within the telecommunications, wireless, and cable operator markets for use in our customers&#8217; products. These selection processes typically are lengthy and can require us to incur significant design and development expenditures and dedicate scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. We may not win the competitive selection process and may never generate any revenue despite incurring significant design and development expenditures. These risks are exacerbated by the fact that some of our customers&#8217; products likely will have short life cycles. Failure to obtain a design win could prevent us from offering an entire generation of a product, even though this has not occurred to date. This could cause us to lose revenue and require us to write off obsolete inventory, and could weaken our position in future competitive selection processes. After securing a design win, we may experience delays in generating revenue from our products as a result of the lengthy development cycle typically required. Our customers generally take a considerable amount of time to evaluate our products. The typical time from early engagement by our sales force to actual product introduction runs from nine to twelve months for the consumer market, to as much as 36 months for the cable and satellite operator markets, and beyond 36 months in the wired and wireless infrastructure markets. The delays inherent in these lengthy sales cycles increase the risk that a customer will decide to cancel, curtail, reduce or delay its product plans, causing us to lose anticipated sales. In addition, any delay or cancellation of a customer&#8217;s plans could materially and adversely affect our financial results, as we may have incurred significant expense and generated no revenue. Finally, our customers&#8217; failure to successfully market and sell their products could reduce demand for our products and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we were unable to generate revenue after incurring substantial expenses to develop any of our products, our business would suffer.
CONTENT_27:
Our revenue and operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. These fluctuations may occur on a quarterly and on an annual basis and are due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among others:&#8226;changes in end-user demand for the products manufactured and sold by our customers;&#8226;the receipt, reduction or cancellation of significant orders by customers;&#8226;fluctuations in the levels of component inventories held by our customers;&#8226;the gain or loss of significant customers;&#8226;market acceptance of our products and our customers&#8217; products;26Table of Contents&#8226;our ability to develop, introduce and market new products and technologies on a timely basis;&#8226;the timing and extent of product development costs;&#8226;new product announcements and introductions by us or our competitors;&#8226;incurrence of research and development and related new product expenditures;&#8226;seasonality or cyclical fluctuations in our markets;&#8226;currency fluctuations;&#8226;fluctuations in IC manufacturing yields;&#8226;significant warranty claims, including those not covered by our suppliers;&#8226;changes in our product mix or customer mix;&#8226;intellectual property disputes;&#8226;loss of key personnel or the shortage of available skilled workers; &#8226;impairment of long-lived assets, including masks and production equipment; and&#8226;the effects of competitive pricing pressures, including decreases in average selling prices of our products.These factors are difficult to forecast, and these, as well as other factors, could materially adversely affect our quarterly or annual operating results. We typically are required to incur substantial development costs in advance of a prospective sale with no certainty that we will ever recover these costs. A substantial amount of time may pass between a design win and the generation of revenue related to the expenses previously incurred, which can potentially cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly from period to period. In addition, a significant amount of our operating expenses are relatively fixed in nature due to our significant sales, research and development costs. Any failure to adjust spending quickly enough to compensate for a revenue shortfall could magnify its adverse impact on our results of operations.
CONTENT_28:
The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is characterized by constant and rapid technological change, rapid product obsolescence and price erosion, evolving standards, short product life cycles and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. Any future downturns may result in diminished product demand, production overcapacity, high inventory levels and accelerated erosion of average selling prices. Furthermore, any upturn in the semiconductor industry could result in increased competition for access to third-party foundry and assembly capacity. We are dependent on the availability of this capacity to manufacture and assemble our all of our products. None of our third-party foundry or assembly contractors has provided assurances that adequate capacity will be available to us in the future. A significant downturn or upturn could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.
CONTENT_29:
Our products, processes and technology sometimes utilize and incorporate software that is subject to an open source license. Open source software is typically freely accessible, usable and modifiable. Certain open source software licenses require a user who intends to distribute the open source software as a component of the user&#8217;s software to disclose publicly part or all of the source code to the user&#8217;s software. In addition, certain open source software licenses require the user of such software to make any derivative works of the open source code available to others on unfavorable terms or at no cost. This can subject previously proprietary software to open source license terms.While we monitor the use of all open source software in our products, processes and technology and try to ensure that no open source software is used in such a way as to require us to disclose the source code to the related product, processes or technology when we do not wish to do so, such use could inadvertently occur. Additionally, if a third party software provider has incorporated certain types of open source software into software we license from such third party for our products, processes or technology, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to disclose the source code to our products, 27Table of Contentsprocesses or technology. This could harm our intellectual property position and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
CONTENT_30:
We rely on third-party vendors to provide critical services, including, among other things, services related to accounting, billing, human resources, information technology, network development, network monitoring, in-licensing and intellectual property that we cannot or do not create or provide ourselves. We depend on these vendors to ensure that our corporate infrastructure will consistently meet our business requirements. The ability of these third-party vendors to successfully provide reliable and high quality services is subject to technical and operational uncertainties that are beyond our control. While we may be entitled to damages if our vendors fail to perform under their agreements with us, our agreements with these vendors limit the amount of damages we may receive. In addition, we do not know whether we will be able to collect on any award of damages or that these damages would be sufficient to cover the actual costs we would incur as a result of any vendor&#8217;s failure to perform under its agreement with us. Any failure of our corporate infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Upon expiration or termination of any of our agreements with third-party vendors, we may not be able to replace the services provided to us in a timely manner or on terms and conditions, including service levels and cost, that are favorable to us and a transition from one vendor to another vendor could subject us to operational delays and inefficiencies until the transition is complete.Additionally, we incorporate third-party technology into and with some of our products, and we may do so in future products. The operation of our products could be impaired if errors occur in the third-party technology we use. It may be more difficult for us to correct any errors in a timely manner if at all because the development and maintenance of the technology is not within our control. There can be no assurance that these third parties will continue to make their technology, or improvements to the technology, available to us, or that they will continue to support and maintain their technology. Further, due to the limited number of vendors of some types of technology, it may be difficult to obtain new licenses or replace existing technology. Any impairment of the technology or our relationship with these third parties could have a material adverse effect on our business.
CONTENT_31:
Since we operate in different countries and are subject to taxation in different jurisdictions, our future effective tax rates could be impacted by changes in such countries&#8217; tax laws or their interpretations. Both domestic and international tax laws are subject to change as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, evolution of regulation and court rulings. The application of these tax laws and related regulations is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment and uncertainty. We cannot determine whether any legislative proposals may be enacted into law or what, if any, changes may be made to such proposals prior to their being enacted into law. If U.S. or international tax laws change in a manner that increases our tax obligation, it could result in a material adverse impact on our net income and our financial position. We adopted amendments to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles related to stock-based compensation in the second quarter of 2016 and included excess tax benefits associated with employee stock-based compensation in income tax expense, which reduced our income tax expense for the&#160;fiscal year 2016&#160;by&#160;$8.3 million. However, since the amount of such excess tax benefits and deficiencies depend on the fair market value of our common stock, our income tax provision is now subject to volatility in our stock price and in the future, could unfavorably affect our future effective tax rate.We are not currently under any tax examinations, but we are still subject to examination in various jurisdictions. In the event we are determined to have any unaccrued tax obligation arising from future audits, our operating results would be adversely affected.Our future effective tax rate could be unfavorably affected by unanticipated changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the ultimate use and depletion of these various tax credits and net operating loss carryforwards. Changes in our effective tax rate could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our net deferred tax assets to the amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income and ongoing prudent and practical tax planning strategies. On a periodic basis we evaluate our deferred tax asset balance for realizability. To the extent we believe it is more likely than not that some portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, we will recognize a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset. Realization of our deferred tax 28Table of Contentsassets is dependent primarily upon future U.S. taxable income. Based upon our review of all positive and negative evidence, we concluded that a full valuation allowance should continue to be recorded against our U.S. and certain foreign net deferred tax assets at&#160;December 31, 2016. However, in the past year, we have generated significant taxable income. If we continue to generate taxable income, we could remove some or all of the valuation allowance against federal, California and certain foreign deferred tax assets if we meet the more-likely-than-not threshold. The impact of releasing some or all of such valuation allowance will be material in the period in which such release occurs.
CONTENT_32:
Our products are incorporated in numerous consumer devices, and demand for our products will ultimately be driven by consumer demand for products such as televisions, automobiles, cable modems, and set-top boxes. Many of these purchases are discretionary. Global economic volatility and economic volatility in the specific markets in which the devices that incorporate our products are ultimately sold can cause extreme difficulties for our customers and third-party vendors in accurately forecasting and planning future business activities. This unpredictability could cause our customers to reduce spending on our products, which would delay and lengthen sales cycles. Furthermore, during challenging economic times our customers may face challenges in gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which could impact their ability to make timely payments to us. These events, together with economic volatility that may face the broader economy and, in particular, the semiconductor and communications industries, may adversely affect, our business, particularly to the extent that consumers decrease their discretionary spending for devices deploying our products.
CONTENT_33:
We sell our products throughout the world. Products shipped to Asia accounted for 93%&#32;of our net revenue in the year ended December 31, 2016. In addition, approximately 43%&#32;of our employees are located outside of the United States. All of our products are manufactured, assembled and tested in Asia, and all of our major distributors are located in Asia. Multiple factors relating to our international operations and to particular countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include:&#8226;changes in political, regulatory, legal or economic conditions;&#8226;restrictive governmental actions, such as restrictions on the transfer or repatriation of funds and foreign investments and trade protection measures, including export duties and quotas and customs duties and tariffs;&#8226;disruptions of capital and trading markets;&#8226;changes in import or export licensing requirements;&#8226;transportation delays;&#8226;civil disturbances or political instability;&#8226;geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism, war or political or military coups;&#8226;public health emergencies;&#8226;differing employment practices and labor standards;&#8226;limitations on our ability under local laws to protect our intellectual property;&#8226;local business and cultural factors that differ from our customary standards and practices;&#8226;nationalization and expropriation;&#8226;changes in tax laws;&#8226;currency fluctuations relating to our international operating activities; and&#8226;difficulty in obtaining distribution and support.29Table of ContentsIn addition to a significant portion of our wafer supply coming from Taiwan, Singapore, China and Malaysia, substantially all of our products undergo packaging and final testing in Taiwan, Singapore, China, South Korea, and the Philippines. Any conflict or uncertainty in these countries, including due to natural disaster or public health or safety concerns, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if the government of any country in which our products are manufactured or sold sets technical standards for products manufactured in or imported into their country that are not widely shared, it may lead some of our customers to suspend imports of their products into that country, require manufacturers in that country to manufacture products with different technical standards and disrupt cross-border manufacturing relationships which, in each case, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also are subject to risks associated with international political conflicts involving the U.S. government. For example, in 2008 we were instructed by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to cease using Polar Star International Company Limited, a distributor based in Hong Kong, that delivered third-party products, to a political group that the U.S. government did not believe should have been provided with the products in question. As a result, we immediately ceased all business operations with that distributor. Similarly, we ceased business operations with entities affiliated with ZTE Corp. when the Bureau of Industry and Security at the U.S. Department of Commerce imposed an export licensing requirement, which was subsequently suspended through February 27, 2017. We cannot provide assurances that similar disruptions in the future of distribution arrangements or the imposition of governmental prohibitions on selling our products to particular customers will not adversely affect our revenues and operating results. Loss of a key distributor or customer under similar circumstances could have an adverse effect on our business, revenues and operating results.&#32;
CONTENT_34:
Our facilities and distribution system, and those of our third-party contractors, are subject to risk of catastrophic loss due to fire, flood or other natural or man-made disasters. A number of our facilities and those of our contract manufacturers are located in areas with above average seismic activity. The foundries that manufacture all of our wafers are located in Taiwan, Singapore, Malaysia, Southern California and China, and all of the third-party contractors who assemble and test our products also are located in Asia. In addition, our headquarters are located in Southern California. The risk of an earthquake in the Pacific Rim region or Southern California is significant due to the proximity of major earthquake fault lines. For example, in 2002 and 2003, major earthquakes occurred in Taiwan. Any catastrophic loss to any of these facilities would likely disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue and result in significant expenses to repair or replace the facility.
CONTENT_35:
Our business is subject to various international and U.S. laws and other legal requirements, including packaging, product content, labor, import/export control regulations, and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. These regulations are complex, change frequently and have generally become more stringent over time. We may be required to incur significant costs to comply with these regulations or to remedy violations. Any failure by us to comply with applicable government regulations could result in cessation of our operations or portions of our operations, product recalls or impositions of fines and restrictions on our ability to conduct our operations. In addition, because many of our products are regulated or sold into regulated industries, we must comply with additional regulations in marketing our products.Our products and operations are also subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, like the International Standards Organization, as well as regulation by other agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Communications Commission. If we fail to adequately address any of these rules or regulations, our business could be harmed.For example, the SEC adopted a final rule to implement Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which requires new disclosures concerning the use of conflict minerals, generally tantalum, tin, gold, or tungsten that originated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or an adjoining country. These disclosures are required whether or not these products containing conflict minerals are manufactured by us or third parties. Verifying the source of any conflict minerals in our products has created and will continue to create additional costs in order to comply with the new disclosure requirements and we may not be able to certify that the metals in our products are conflict free, which may create issues with our customers. In addition, the new rule may affect the pricing, sourcing and availability of minerals used in the manufacture of our products.We must conform the manufacture and distribution of our semiconductors to various laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in all countries as these requirements change. If we fail to comply with these requirements in the manufacture or 30Table of Contentsdistribution of our products, we could be required to pay civil penalties, face criminal prosecution and, in some cases, be prohibited from distributing our products in commerce until the products or component substances are brought into compliance.
CONTENT_36:

CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:
Generally, our products comprise only a part of a communications device. All components of these devices must uniformly comply with industry standards in order to operate efficiently together. We depend on companies that provide other components of the devices to support prevailing industry standards. Many of these companies are significantly larger and more influential in driving industry standards than we are. Some industry standards may not be widely adopted or implemented uniformly, and competing standards may emerge that may be preferred by our customers or end users. If larger companies do not support the same industry standards that we do, or if competing standards emerge, market acceptance of our products could be adversely affected, which would harm our business.31Table of ContentsProducts for communications applications are based on industry standards that are continually evolving. Our ability to compete in the future will depend on our ability to identify and ensure compliance with these evolving industry standards. The emergence of new industry standards could render our products incompatible with products developed by other suppliers. As a result, we could be required to invest significant time and effort and to incur significant expense to redesign our products to ensure compliance with relevant standards. If our products are not in compliance with prevailing industry standards for a significant period of time, we could miss opportunities to achieve crucial design wins. We may not be successful in developing or using new technologies or in developing new products or product enhancements that achieve market acceptance. Our pursuit of necessary technological advances may require substantial time and expense.
CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:
We sold Class&#160;A common stock in our initial public offering. Our founders, executive officers, directors and their affiliates and employees hold shares of our Class B common stock, which is not publicly traded. Until March&#160;29, 2017, the dual class structure of our common stock will have the following effects with respect to the holders of our Class&#160;A common stock:&#8226;allows the holders of our Class B common stock to have the sole right to elect two management directors to the Board of Directors;&#8226;with respect to change of control matters, allows the holders of our Class B common stock to have ten votes per share compared to the holders of our Class&#160;A common stock who will have one vote per share on these matters; and&#8226;with respect to the adoption of or amendments to our equity incentive plans, allows the holders of our Class B common stock to have ten votes per share compared to the holders of our Class&#160;A common stock who will have one vote per share on these matters, subject to certain limitations.Thus, our dual class structure will limit your ability to influence corporate matters, including with respect to transactions involving a change of control, and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial, which may adversely affect the market price of our Class&#160;A common stock. In addition to the additional voting rights granted to holders of our Class B common stock, which is held principally by certain of our executive officers and founders, we have entered change of control agreements with our executive officers, which could have an adverse effect on a third party&#8217;s willingness to consider acquiring us, either because it may be more difficult to retain key employees with change of control benefits or because of the incremental cost associated with these benefits.
CONTENT_41:
As of December&#160;31, 2016, our founders who are existing employees of MaxLinear, including our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr.&#160;Seendripu, together control approximately 10%&#32;of our outstanding capital stock. Until the elimination of our dual class stock on March 29, 2017, this will represent approximately 48%&#32;of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock with respect to change of control matters and the adoption of or amendment to our equity incentive plans. Dr.&#160;Seendripu and the other founders therefore have significant influence over our management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of two Class B directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of MaxLinear or its assets.
CONTENT_42:
We use our cash, cash equivalents, and liquid investment assets for general corporate purposes, including working capital. We may also use a portion of these assets to acquire complementary businesses, products, services or technologies. Our management has considerable discretion in the application of our cash, cash equivalents, and investment resources, and you will not have the opportunity to assess whether these liquid assets are being used in a manner that you deem best to maximize your return. We may use our available resources for corporate purposes that do not increase our operating results or market value. In addition, our cash, cash equivalents, and liquid investment resources may be placed in investments that do not produce significant income or that may lose value.32Table of Contents
CONTENT_43:
Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended and restated, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management.&#160;These provisions provide for the following:&#8226;authorize our Board of Directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 25,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock;&#8226;require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent;&#8226;specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our Board of Directors, our Chairman of the Board of Directors, our President or by unanimous written consent of our directors appointed by the holders of Class B common stock (until the Class B common stock is eliminated);&#8226;establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder approvals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors;&#8226;establish that our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with each class serving staggered terms;&#8226;provide for a dual class common stock structure until March 29, 2017, which provides our founders, current investors, executives and employees with significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our Company or its assets;&#8226;provide that our directors may be removed only for cause;&#8226;provide that vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum;&#8226;specify that no stockholder is permitted to cumulate votes at any election of directors; and&#8226;require supermajority votes of the holders of our common stock to amend specified provisions of our charter documents.These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section&#160;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any &#8220;interested&#8221; stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an &#8220;interested&#8221; stockholder.
CONTENT_44:
Our shares of Class&#160;A common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in March 2010.&#160;An active public market for our shares on the New York Stock Exchange may not be sustained.&#160;In particular, limited trading volumes and liquidity may limit the ability of stockholders to purchase or sell our common stock in the amounts and at the times they wish.&#160;Trading volume in our common stock tends to be modest relative to our total outstanding shares, and the price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially (particularly in percentage terms) without regard to news about us or general trends in the stock market. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration.In addition, the trading price of our common stock could become highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control.&#160;These factors include those discussed in this &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; section of this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K and others such as:&#8226;actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results;33Table of Contents&#8226;overall conditions in the semiconductor market;&#8226;addition or loss of significant customers;&#8226;changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products;&#8226;actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors;&#8226;announcements of technological innovations by us or our competitors;&#8226;announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;&#8226;additions or departures of key personnel;&#8226;competition from existing products or new products that may emerge;&#8226;issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts;&#8226;fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us;&#8226;disputes or other developments related to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our technologies;&#8226;the recently completed acquisition of Entropic and the wireless infrastructure access and backhaul businesses may not be accretive and may cause dilution to our earnings per shares;&#8226;announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts;&#8226;sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders;&#8226;share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; and&#8226;general economic and market conditions.Furthermore, the stock markets recently have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.
CONTENT_45:
The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business, especially with respect to our unique dual-class voting structure as to the election of directors, change of control matters and matters related to our equity incentive plans. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares or change their opinion of our shares, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our Company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline.
CONTENT_46:
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. As of December&#160;31, 2016, we had 58.4 million&#32;shares of Class&#160;A common stock and 6.7 million&#32;shares of Class B common stock outstanding. On March 29, 2017, the then outstanding Class A and Class B common stock will convert on a one-for-one basis into a single class of common stock.34Table of ContentsAll shares of common stock are freely tradable without restrictions or further registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, except for any shares held by our affiliates as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act.We have filed registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register 22.1 million&#32;shares of our common stock for issuance under our 2010 Equity Incentive Plan and 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan in addition to 3.2 million&#32;awards that were assumed and remain outstanding in connection with the Entropic acquisition. These shares may be freely sold in the public market upon issuance and once vested, subject to other restrictions provided under the terms of the applicable plan and/or the option agreements entered into with option holder.Our Executive Incentive Bonus Plan permits the settlement of awards under the plan in the form of shares of its common stock. We issued 0.2 million shares of our common stock for the 2014 performance period upon settlement of the bonus awards on May 14, 2015. We issued 0.3 million shares of our common stock for the January 1, 2015 to June 30, 2015 performance period upon settlement of the bonus awards on August 20, 2015. We issued 0.2 million shares of our common stock for the July 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 performance period on May 13, 2016. We issued 0.2 million shares of our common stock for the January 1, 2016 to June 30, 2016 performance period on August 12, 2016. We expect to issue additional shares of common stock for second half of 2016 fiscal performance period in February 2017. These shares may be freely sold in the public market immediately following the issuance of such shares and the issuance of such shares may have an adverse effect on our share price once they are issued.
CONTENT_47:
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments.
CONTENT_48:

CONTENT_49:

CONTENT_50:
Our history of acquiring businesses is recent, and prior to our acquisition of Entropic, we had never pursued an acquisition of that size and complexity. We may complete larger-scale acquisitions in the future. The success of our recent and future acquisitions depends, in substantial part, on our ability to integrate acquired businesses and operations efficiently and successfully with those of MaxLinear and to realize fully the anticipated benefits and potential synergies from combining our companies, including, among others, cost savings from eliminating duplicative functions; operational efficiencies in our respective supply chains and in research and development investments; and revenue growth resulting from the addition of acquired product portfolios. If we are unable to achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits and potential synergies from the acquisitions may not be realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected. Any failure to timely realize these anticipated benefits would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.We completed our recent acquisitions in April 2015, April 2016 and July 2016. We believe the integration process is substantially complete for our 2015 acquisition of Entropic and our 2016 wireless infrastructure business acquisitions. We have incurred material restructuring costs in recent periods, some of which included employees from acquired businesses.  To the extent we acquire additional businesses in the future, we cannot ensure that integration objectives will not adversely affect our operating results. In connection with the integration process, we could experience the loss of key customers, decreases in revenues relative to current expectations and increases in operating costs, as well as the disruption of our ongoing businesses, any or all of which could limit our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits and potential synergies from the acquisitions and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
CONTENT_51:
In response to the completion of our recent acquisitions, customers, vendors, licensors, and other third parties with whom we do business or the acquired entities did business or otherwise have relationships may experience uncertainty associated with the acquisitions, and this uncertainty could materially affect their decisions with respect to existing or future business relationships with us.  Moreover, with respect to Entropic&#8217;s prior acquisition of certain television and set-top box assets from Trident Microsystems, Inc., or Trident, we were unable to conduct substantial diligence with respect to certain licenses and intellectual property rights because Entropic acquired these assets through Trident&#8217;s bankruptcy proceedings. As a result, we are in many instances unable to evaluate the impact of the acquisition on certain assumed contract rights and obligations, including intellectual property rights.These business relationships may be subject to disruption as customers and others may elect to delay or defer purchase or design-win decisions or switch to other suppliers due to the uncertainty about the direction of our offerings, any perceived unwillingness on our part to support existing legacy acquired products, or any general perceptions by customers or other third parties that impute operational or business challenges to us arising from the acquisitions. In addition, customers or other third parties may attempt to negotiate changes in existing business relationships, which may result in additional obligations imposed on us. These disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Any loss of customers, customer products, design win opportunities, or other important strategic relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and could have a material and adverse effect on the trading price or trading volume of our common stock.36Table of Contents
CONTENT_52:
We have incurred and expect to continue to incur substantial expenses in connection with integrating the operations, technologies, and business systems of MaxLinear and acquired businesses. Business systems integration between the companies requires, and we expect it to continue to require into the foreseeable future, substantial management attention, including integration of information management, purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, and regulatory compliance functions. Numerous factors, many of which, are beyond our control, could affect the total cost or the timing of expected integration expenses. Moreover, many of the expenses that will be incurred are by their nature difficult to estimate accurately at the present time. These expenses could reduce the savings that we expect to achieve from the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings related to the integration of the businesses. These integration expenses have resulted in MaxLinear&#8217;s taking significant charges against earnings following the completion of the acquisitions.
CONTENT_53:
The acquisitions of Entropic, the wireless infrastructure access business of Microsemi, and the wireless infrastructure backhaul business of Broadcom are accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting by MaxLinear in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of acquired businesses are recorded, as of completion, at their respective fair values and added to our assets and liabilities. Our reported financial condition and results of operations after completion of the acquisition reflect acquired businesses' balances and results but are not restated retroactively to reflect the historical financial position or results of operations of acquired businesses for periods prior to the acquisition. As a result, comparisons of future results against prior period results will be more difficult for investors.Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase price is allocated to tangible assets and liabilities and identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses based on their fair values as of the date of completion of the acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values is recorded as goodwill. The acquisitions have resulted in the creation of goodwill based upon the application of the acquisition method of accounting. To the extent the value of goodwill or intangibles becomes impaired, we may be required to incur material charges relating to such impairment. We conduct our annual goodwill impairment analysis on October 31 each year, or more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment exist. In addition, there can be no guarantee that acquired intangible assets, particularly in-process research and development, will generate revenues or profits that we include in our forecast that is the basis for their fair values as of the acquisition date. Any such impairment charges relating to goodwill or other intangible assets could have a material impact on our operating results in future periods, and the announcement of a material impairment could have an adverse effect on the trading price and trading volume of our common stock. For example, in the year ended December 31, 2016, we recognized IPR&amp;D impairment losses of $1.3 million related principally to acquired wireless infrastructure access assets, and in the year ended December 31, 2015, we recognized IPR&amp;D impairment losses of $21.6 million related principally to acquired Entropic assets. As of December&#160;31, 2016, our balance sheet reflected goodwill of $76.0 million&#32;and other intangible assets of $104.3 million, including IPR&amp;D intangible assets of $22.4 million, and we could recognize impairment charges in the future.<div
