HEADER_1:
Investing in our ordinary shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, in addition to the other information set forth in this report, before purchasing our ordinary shares. Each of these risk factors could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as decrease the value of an investment in our ordinary shares.
HEADER_2:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_3:
The semiconductor industry may be adversely impacted by worldwide economic uncertainties which may cause our revenues and profitability to decline
HEADER_4:
Leverage incurred in connection with our acquisition of EZchip in February 2016 could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent the interest rate on our variable rate debt increases and prevent us from meeting our obligations under the terms of the Term Debt.
HEADER_5:
Our Term Debt imposes certain restrictions on our business.
HEADER_6:
Servicing the debt incurred under the Term Debt will require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our debt.
HEADER_7:
We may pursue acquisitions of other companies or new or complementary products, technologies and businesses, which could harm our operating results, may disrupt our business and could result in unanticipated accounting charges.
HEADER_8:
We have made and may in the future pursue investments in other companies, which could harm our operating results.
HEADER_9:
The adoption of InfiniBand is largely dependent on third-party vendors and end users and InfiniBand may not be adopted at prior rates or to the extent that we anticipate.
HEADER_10:
We have limited visibility into customer and end-user demand for our products and generally have short inventory cycles, which introduce uncertainty into our revenue and production forecasts and business planning and could negatively impact our financial results.
HEADER_11:
We depend on a small number of customers for a significant portion of our sales, and the loss of any one of these customers will adversely affect our revenues. 
HEADER_12:
We face intense competition and may not be able to compete effectively, which could reduce our market share, net revenues and profit margin.
HEADER_13:
Winning business is subject to lengthy, competitive selection processes that often require us to incur significant expense, from which we may ultimately generate no revenues.
HEADER_14:
If we fail to develop new products or enhance our existing products to react to rapid technological change and market demands in a timely and cost-effective manner, our business will suffer.
HEADER_15:
We rely on a limited number of subcontractors to manufacture, assemble, package and production test our products, and the failure of any of these third-party subcontractors to deliver products or otherwise perform as requested could damage our relationships with our customers, decrease our sales and limit our growth.
HEADER_16:
If we fail to carefully manage the use of "open source" software in our products, we may be required to license key portions of our products on a royalty-free basis or expose key parts of source code.
HEADER_17:
The average selling prices of our products have decreased in the past and may do so in the future, which could harm our financial results.
HEADER_18:
We expect gross margin to vary over time, and our recent level of product gross margin may not be sustainable.
HEADER_19:
Fluctuations in our revenues and operating results on a quarterly and annual basis could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline.
HEADER_20:
We rely on our ecosystem partners to enhance and drive demand for our product offerings. Our inability to continue to develop or maintain such relationships in the future or our partners' inability to timely deliver technology or product offerings to the market may harm our revenues and ability to remain competitive.
HEADER_21:
We rely primarily upon trade secret, patent, trademark and copyright laws and contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary rights, and, if these rights are not sufficiently protected, our ability to compete and generate revenues could suffer.
HEADER_22:
We may not obtain sufficient patent protection on the technology embodied in our products, which could harm our competitive position and increase our expenses.
HEADER_23:
Intellectual property litigation, which is common in our industry, could be costly, harm our reputation, limit our ability to sell our products and divert the attention of management and technical personnel.
HEADER_24:
We depend on key and highly skilled personnel to operate our business, and if we are unable to retain our current personnel and hire additional personnel, our ability to develop and successfully market our products could be harmed.
HEADER_25:
We may not be able to manage our future growth effectively, and we may need to incur significant expenditures to address the additional operational and control requirements of our growth.
HEADER_26:
We are subject to risks associated with our distributors' product inventories.
HEADER_27:
Certain of our customers and suppliers require us to comply with their codes of conduct, which may include certain restrictions that may substantially increase our cost of doing business as well as have an adverse effect on our operating efficiencies, operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_28:
We may experience defects in our products, unforeseen delays, higher than expected expenses or lower than expected manufacturing yields of our products, which could result in increased customer warranty claims, delays of our product shipments and prevent us from recognizing the benefits of new technologies we develop.
HEADER_29:
We have significant intangible assets and goodwill. Consequently, the future impairment of our intangible assets and goodwill, if any, may significantly impact our profitability.
HEADER_30:
Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_31:
Changes to financial accounting standards may affect our results of operations and cause us to change our business practices.
HEADER_32:
We may be subject to disruptions or failures in information technology systems and network infrastructures, including theft, misuse of our electronic data or cyber-attacks that could have a material adverse effect on us.
HEADER_33:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural catastrophic events.
HEADER_34:
We must comply with a variety of existing and future laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs on us and may adversely affect our business.
HEADER_35:
If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report accurately our financial results or prevent material fraud. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our business and the trading price of our ordinary shares.
HEADER_36:
Risks Related to Operations in Israel and Other Foreign Countries
HEADER_37:
Regional instability in Israel may adversely affect business conditions and may disrupt our operations and negatively affect our revenues and profitability.
HEADER_38:
Our operations may be negatively affected by the obligations of our personnel to perform military service.
HEADER_39:
Our operations may be affected by labor unrest in Israel.
HEADER_40:
We are susceptible to additional risks from our international operations. 
HEADER_41:
It may be difficult to enforce a U.S. judgment against us, our officers and directors or to assert U.S. securities law claims in Israel.
HEADER_42:
Provisions of Israeli law may delay, prevent or make difficult an acquisition of our company, which could prevent a change of control and therefore depress the price of our shares.
HEADER_43:
Exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the NIS may negatively affect our earnings.
HEADER_44:
The results of the United Kingdom’s referendum on withdrawal from the European Union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business.
HEADER_45:
The government tax benefits that we currently receive require us to meet several conditions and may be terminated or reduced in the future, which would increase our costs.
HEADER_46:
The Israeli government grants that we received require us to meet several conditions and restrict our ability to manufacture and engineer products and transfer know-how outside of Israel and require us to satisfy specified conditions.
HEADER_47:
Your rights and responsibilities as a shareholder will be governed by Israeli law and differ in some respects from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders under U.S. law.
HEADER_48:
Risks Related to Our Ordinary Shares 
HEADER_49:
The price of our ordinary shares may continue to be volatile, and the value of an investment in our ordinary shares may decline. 
HEADER_50:
We may need to raise additional capital, which might not be available or which, if available, may be on terms that are not favorable to us.
HEADER_51:
If we sell our ordinary shares in future financings, ordinary shareholders could experience immediate dilution and, as a result, the market price of our ordinary shares may decline.
HEADER_52:
The ownership of our ordinary shares may continue to be concentrated, and 
HEADER_53:
certain shareholders may have significant influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring shareholder approval
HEADER_54:
Our business could be negatively affected as a result of a proxy contest.
HEADER_55:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our ordinary shares or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, the market price of our ordinary shares could decline.
HEADER_56:
Provisions of our articles of association could delay or prevent an acquisition of our company, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders, and could make it more difficult for shareholders to change management.
HEADER_57:
Risk Factors - Risks Related to Operations in Israel and Other Foreign Countries - Provisions of Israeli law may delay, prevent or make difficult an acquisition of our company, which could prevent a change of control and therefore depress the price of our shares
HEADER_58:
We have never paid cash dividends on our share capital, and, while the Board regularly reviews our cash position and uses for cash, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
HEADER_59:
We may incur increased costs as a result of changes in laws and regulations relating to corporate governance matters.
