HEADER_1:
Risks related to our operations
HEADER_2:
Our auditors have expressed doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not generate substantial revenue from our patent litigation and are
also unable to obtain capital from other resources, we will significantly curtail our operations or halt them entirely.
HEADER_3:
We have experienced relatively
large losses during our development and, without significant increases in the market penetration of our services and improvements
to our operating margins, we will not achieve profitability.
HEADER_4:
It will be difficult for you to
evaluate us based on our past performance because we have a relatively new business strategy with a limited operating history.
HEADER_5:
Our
limited resources may restrict our ability to manage any growth we may experience.
HEADER_6:
If we are unable to protect our
intellectual property rights, competitors may be able to use our technology or trademarks, which could weaken our competitive position.
HEADER_7:
We cannot guarantee that the patents
issued to us will be broad enough to provide any meaningful protection nor can we assure you that one of our competitors may not
develop more effective technologies, designs or methods without infringing our intellectual property rights or that one of our
competitors might not design around our proprietary technologies.
HEADER_8:
We may incur substantial costs
as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights.
HEADER_9:
If we lose any of our key personnel
or fail to hire and retain other talented employees, our operations could be harmed.
HEADER_10:
We may not be able to economically
comply with any new government regulation that may be adopted with respect to the Internet.
HEADER_11:
Risks related to our common stock
HEADER_12:
Possible issuances
of our capital stock would cause dilution to our existing shareholders.
HEADER_13:
Certain shareholders control a
substantial portion of our outstanding common stock.
HEADER_14:
No dividends have been paid on
our common stock.
HEADER_15:
We are subject to "penny
stock" regulations which may adversely impact the liquidity and price of our common stock.
HEADER_16:
The exercise or conversion of
outstanding options into common stock will dilute the percentage ownership of our other shareholders. The sale of such common stock
or other common stock in the open market could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
