HEADER_1:
The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also impair our business operations. Please see Item 1. 
HEADER_2:
Business—Forward Looking Statements
HEADER_3:
 for a discussion of the forward-looking statements that are qualified by these risk factors. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors actually occurs, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
HEADER_4:
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
HEADER_5:
Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy, or reductions in information technology spending, could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results.
HEADER_6:
Our financial results may fluctuate due to our long, variable and, therefore, unpredictable sales cycle and our focus on large and mid-market organizations.
HEADER_7:
Our financial results may fluctuate due to various business factors, some of which may be beyond our control.
HEADER_8:
The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_9:
Existing or future laws and regulations relating to privacy or data security could increase the cost of our products and subject us or our clients to litigation, regulatory investigations and other potential liabilities.
HEADER_10:
Mergers of or other strategic transactions by our competitors could weaken our competitive position or reduce our revenue.
HEADER_11:
Our business and operations are experiencing growth and organizational change. If we fail to effectively manage such growth and change in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our corporate culture, our business and operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_12:
—As a public company, we are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. If our internal control over financial reporting is ineffective, our financial reporting may not be accurate, complete and timely and our auditors may be unable to attest to its effectiveness when required, thus adversely affecting investor confidence in our company.”
HEADER_13:
“—We currently have a number of international offices and are expanding our international operations. Additionally, we do not have substantial experience in all international markets and may not achieve the results that we expect.”
HEADER_14:
Fluctuations in the exchange rate of foreign currencies could result in foreign currency gains and losses.
HEADER_15:
We may acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management’s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders or otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results.
HEADER_16:
As a public company, we are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. If our internal control over financial reporting is ineffective, our financial reporting may not be accurate, complete and timely and our auditors may be unable to attest to its effectiveness when required, thus adversely affecting investor confidence in our company.
HEADER_17:
Our systems collect, access, use and store personal and other client proprietary information. As a result, we are subject to security risks and are required to invest significant resources to prevent or correct problems caused by security breaches. If a security breach occurs, our reputation could be harmed, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability.
HEADER_18:
Any significant disruption in our SaaS hosting network infrastructure could harm our reputation, require us to provide credits or refunds, result in early terminations of client agreements or a loss of clients and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_19:
Certain of our operating results and financial metrics are difficult to predict as a result of seasonality.
HEADER_20:
We rely on third-party computer hardware and software that may be difficult to replace or could cause errors or failures of our service.
HEADER_21:
Defects in our platform could affect our reputation, result in significant costs to us and impair our ability to sell our products and related services.
HEADER_22:
If we fail to manage our SaaS hosting network infrastructure capacity, our existing clients may experience service outages and our new clients may experience delays in the deployment of our human capital management platform.
HEADER_23:
Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties.
HEADER_24:
Failure to effectively retain and expand our direct sales teams and develop and expand our indirect sales channel will impede our growth.
HEADER_25:
Restructuring activities could adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy.
HEADER_26:
If we fail to retain key employees and recruit qualified technical and sales personnel, our business could be harmed.
HEADER_27:
Failure to effectively manage client deployments by our third-party service providers could adversely impact our business.
HEADER_28:
Forecasts of our business growth and profitability may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, we cannot assure you our business will grow at similar rates, or at all.
HEADER_29:
Even if demand for human capital management products and services increases generally, there is no guarantee that demand for SaaS products like ours will increase to a corresponding degree.
HEADER_30:
Our business depends substantially on clients renewing their agreements with us, purchasing additional products from us or adding additional users. Any decline in our clients renewing their agreements, purchasing additional products or adding additional users would harm our future operating results.
HEADER_31:
Integrated, comprehensive SaaS products such as ours represent a relatively recent approach to addressing organizations’ human capital management challenges, and we may be forced to change the prices we charge for our products, or the pricing model upon which they are based, as the market for these types of products evolves.
HEADER_32:
Evolving regulation of the Internet, changes in the infrastructure underlying the Internet, or interruptions in Internet access may adversely affect our financial condition by increasing our expenditures and causing client dissatisfaction.
HEADER_33:
We currently have a number of international offices and are expanding our international operations. Additionally, we do not have substantial experience in all international markets and may not achieve the results that we expect.
HEADER_34:
Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.
HEADER_35:
If we fail to develop our brand cost-effectively, our business may suffer.
HEADER_36:
Our sales to government entities are subject to a number of additional challenges and risks.
HEADER_37:
If for any reason we are not able to develop enhancements and new features, keep pace with technological developments or respond to future disruptive technologies, our business will be harmed.
HEADER_38:
We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
HEADER_39:
Servicing our debt will require a significant amount of cash, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_40:
Because of how we recognize revenue, a significant downturn in our business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results.
HEADER_41:
Because we generally recognize subscription revenue from our clients over the terms of their agreements but incur most costs associated with generating such agreements upfront, rapid growth in our client base may put downward pressure on our operating income in the short term.
HEADER_42:
We have a history of losses, and we cannot be certain that we will achieve or sustain profitability.
HEADER_43:
The conversion feature of the convertible notes due 2018 could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
HEADER_44:
The accounting methods for our convertible debt securities may have a material effect on our reported financial results. 
HEADER_45:
The nature of our business requires the application of complex revenue and expense recognition rules and the current legislative and regulatory environment affecting GAAP is uncertain. Changes in financial accounting standards or practices may cause adverse, unexpected financial reporting fluctuations and affect our reported operating results.
HEADER_46:
To the extent that our pre-tax income or loss becomes relatively modest, our ability to conclude that a control deficiency is not a material weakness or that an accounting error does not require a restatement could be adversely affected.
HEADER_47:
If we fail to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our competitive advantage and brand could be impaired and we may lose valuable assets, generate reduced revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights.
HEADER_48:
We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights or may find it necessary to enter into licensing arrangements with third parties to settle or forestall such claims, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
HEADER_49:
Indemnity provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement and other losses.
HEADER_50:
We use open source software in our products, which could subject us to litigation or other actions.
HEADER_51:
We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets due to licensing requirements and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws.
HEADER_52:
We rely on implementation partners to deliver professional services to our clients, and if these implementation partners fail to deliver these professional services effectively, or if we are unable to incentivize new partners to service our customers, our operating results will be harmed.  
HEADER_53:
Our investment portfolio is subject to general credit, liquidity, counterparty, market and interest rate risks, any of which could impair the market value of our investments and harm our financial results. 
HEADER_54:
We may invest in companies for strategic reasons and may not realize a return on our investments
HEADER_55:
Risks Related to Tax Issues
HEADER_56:
We are a multinational organization faced with increasingly complex tax issues in many jurisdictions, and we could be obligated to pay additional taxes in various jurisdictions.
HEADER_57:
Taxing authorities could reallocate our taxable income among our subsidiaries, which could increase our consolidated tax liability.
HEADER_58:
The recently passed comprehensive tax reform bill could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
HEADER_59:
Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future tax payments may be subject to limitations.
HEADER_60:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
HEADER_61:
The trading price of our common stock may be volatile.
HEADER_62:
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish misleading or unfavorable research about our business, the market price of our common stock and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_63:
The issuance of additional stock in connection with acquisitions, our stock incentive plans or otherwise will dilute all other stockholdings.
HEADER_64:
We cannot guarantee that our recently announced share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance shareholder value, and share repurchases could affect the trading price of our common stock.
HEADER_65:
Conversion of our convertible notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their notes, or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 
HEADER_66:
We do not expect to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future.
HEADER_67:
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law may delay or prevent an acquisition of our company.
