HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
HEADER_2:
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this report. If any of the following risks or other risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects could be materially harmed, and the price of our common stock could decline.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
HEADER_4:
Our quarterly and annual results may fluctuate significantly, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business and may result in decreases in the price of our common stock. 
HEADER_5:
If we are unable to attract new clients or sell additional services and functionality to our existing clients, our revenue and revenue growth will be harmed. 
HEADER_6:
Our recent rapid growth may not be indicative of our future growth, and if we continue to grow rapidly, we may fail to manage our growth effectively. 
HEADER_7:
The markets in which we participate are highly competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 
HEADER_8:
If we fail to manage our technical operations infrastructure, our existing clients may experience service outages, our new clients may experience delays in the deployment of our solution and we could be subject to, among other things, claims for credits or damages. 
HEADER_9:
If our existing clients terminate their subscriptions or reduce their subscriptions and related usage, our revenues and gross margins will be harmed and we will be required to spend more money to grow our client base. 
HEADER_10:
The loss of one or more of our key clients, or a failure to renew our subscription agreements with one or more of our key clients, could harm our ability to market our solution. 
HEADER_11:
Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties and our failure to successfully grow and manage these relationships could harm our business. 
HEADER_12:
Our clients may fail to comply with the terms of their agreements, necessitating action by us to collect payment, or may terminate their subscriptions for our solution. 
HEADER_13:
We sell our solution to larger organizations that require longer sales and implementation cycles and often demand more configuration and integration services or customized features and functions that we may not offer, any of which could delay or prevent these sales and harm our growth rates, business and operating results. 
HEADER_14:
Because a significant percentage of our revenue is derived from existing clients, downturns or upturns in new sales will not be immediately reflected in our operating results and may be difficult to discern. 
HEADER_15:
We rely on third-party telecommunications and internet service providers to provide our clients and their customers with telecommunication services and connectivity to our cloud contact center software and any failure by these service providers to provide reliable services could subject us to, among other things, claims for credits or damages. 
HEADER_16:
We have a history of losses and we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability, including positive adjusted EBITDA.
HEADER_17:
If the market for cloud contact center software solutions develops more slowly than we expect or declines, our business could be harmed. 
HEADER_18:
Shifts over time or from quarter-to-quarter in the mix of sizes or types of organizations that purchase our solution or changes in the components of our solution purchased by our clients could affect our gross margins and operating results. 
HEADER_19:
We depend on data centers operated by third parties and any disruption in the operation of these facilities could harm our business.
HEADER_20:
Our recent growth makes it difficult to evaluate and predict our current business and future prospects. 
HEADER_21:
If our solution fails, or is perceived to fail, to perform properly or if it contains technical defects, our reputation could be harmed, our market share may decline and we could be subject to product liability claims. 
HEADER_22:
Security breaches and improper access to or disclosure of our data or our clients’ data, or other cyber attacks on our systems, could result in litigation and regulatory risk, harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_23:
We are subject to many hazards and operational risks that can disrupt our business, some of which may not be insured or fully covered by insurance. 
HEADER_24:
The contact center software solutions market is subject to rapid technological change, and we must develop and sell incremental and new products in order to maintain and grow our business. 
HEADER_25:
Our ability to continue to enhance our solution is dependent on adequate research and development resources. If we are not able to adequately fund our research and development efforts, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business and operating results may be harmed. 
HEADER_26:
If we are unable to maintain the compatibility of our software with other products and technologies, our business would be harmed. 
HEADER_27:
Our business could be harmed if our clients are not satisfied with the professional services and technical support provided by us or our partners. 
HEADER_28:
Sales to clients outside the United States or with international operations and our international sales efforts and operations support expose us to risks inherent in international sales and operations.  
HEADER_29:
We depend on our senior management team and the loss of one or more key employees or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could harm our business and results of operations. 
HEADER_30:
Failure to adequately expand our sales force will impede our growth. 
HEADER_31:
If we fail to grow our marketing capabilities and develop widespread brand awareness cost effectively, our business may suffer. 
HEADER_32:
We may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs. 
HEADER_33:
Adverse economic conditions may harm our business.
HEADER_34:
We may acquire other companies or technologies or be the target of strategic transactions, which could divert our management’s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 
HEADER_35:
 If we are unable to maintain and further develop effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock may decrease.
HEADER_36:
Changes in financial accounting standards or practices may cause adverse, unexpected financial reporting fluctuations and affect our reported operating results. 
HEADER_37:
We may not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss or research tax credit carryforwards, which could harm our profitability and financial condition. 
HEADER_38:
Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
HEADER_39:
Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 
HEADER_40:
We will likely continue to be subject to third-party intellectual property infringement claims.
HEADER_41:
We employ third-party licensed software for use in or with our solution, and the inability to maintain these licenses or errors in the software we license could result in increased costs, or reduced service levels, which could harm our business. 
HEADER_42:
Our solution utilizes open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business. 
HEADER_43:
Risks Related to Regulatory Matters 
HEADER_44:
Failure to comply with laws and regulations could harm our business and our reputation. 
HEADER_45:
Alleged or actual failure to comply with the constantly evolving legal and contractual environment surrounding calling consumers and wireless phone numbers by other companies or our competitors or governmental or private enforcement actions related thereto, could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
HEADER_46:
Increased taxes on our service may increase our clients’ cost of using our service and/or increase our costs and reduce our profit margins to the extent the costs are not passed through to our clients, and we may be subject to liabilities for past sales and other taxes, surcharges and fees. 
HEADER_47:
We are subject to assessments for unpaid Universal Service Fund contributions, as well as interest thereon and civil penalties, due to our late registration and past failure to recognize our obligation as a USF contributor and as an international carrier.
HEADER_48:
If we do not comply with FCC rules and regulations, we could be subject to further FCC enforcement actions, fines, loss of licenses and possibly restrictions on our ability to operate or offer certain of our services. 
HEADER_49:
Reform of federal and state USF programs could increase the cost of our service to our clients, diminishing or eliminating our pricing advantage.
HEADER_50:
Privacy concerns and domestic or foreign laws and regulations may reduce the demand for our solution, increase our costs and harm our business. 
HEADER_51:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
HEADER_52:
Our stock price has been volatile, may continue to be volatile and may decline, including due to factors beyond our control.
HEADER_53:
If securities or industry analysts discontinue publishing research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 
HEADER_54:
Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
HEADER_55:
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and harm our business and operating results. 
HEADER_56:
We are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
HEADER_57:
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
HEADER_58:
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.
HEADER_59:
We have never paid cash dividends and do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
HEADER_60:
Our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, who hold approxi
HEADER_61:
 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, have substantial control over us and could delay or prevent a change in corporate control.
