HEADER_1:
Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
HEADER_2:
do not continue to contribute content or 
HEADER_3:
 other users, we may experience a decline in the number of users accessing our products and services and user engagement, which could result in the loss of 
HEADER_4:
advertisers, platform partners and revenue. 
HEADER_5:
If we are unable to compete 
HEADER_6:
effectively for users and advertiser spend, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
HEADER_7:
User growth and engagement depend upon effective interoperation with operating systems, networks, devices, web browsers an
HEADER_8:
d standards that we do not control. 
HEADER_9:
We have incurred significant operating losses in the past, and we may not be able to achieve or subsequently maintain profitability. 
HEADER_10:
Our new products, product features, services and initiatives and changes to existing products, services and initiatives could fail to attract users, 
HEADER_11:
content partners, advertisers and platform partners
HEADER_12:
We focus on product innovation and user engagement rather t
HEADER_13:
han short-term operating results. 
HEADER_14:
If we are unable to maintain and pro
HEADER_15:
mote our brand, our business and operating results may be harmed. 
HEADER_16:
Our international operations are subject to increased challenges and risks. 
HEADER_17:
Our products and services may contain undetected software errors, which could harm our business and operating results. 
HEADER_18:
If our security measures are breached, or if our products and services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our products and services, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, users and advertise
HEADER_19:
rs may curtail or stop using our products and services and our business and operating results could be harmed. 
HEADER_20:
Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value o
HEADER_21:
f our products, services and brand. 
HEADER_22:
We rely on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of our key metrics, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect
HEADER_23:
We rely in part on application marketplaces and Internet search engines to drive traffic to our products and services, and if we fail to appear
HEADER_24:
 high up in the search results or rankings, traffic to our platform could decline and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
HEADER_25:
Servicing our convertible senior notes ma
HEADER_26:
y require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow or the ability to raise the funds necessary to satisfy our obligations under such notes, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion
HEADER_27:
 or repurchase of such notes.
HEADER_28:
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities, which could adversely impact our operating results. 
HEADER_29:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
HEADER_30:
We do not expect to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 
