HEADER_1:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_2:
If we do not continually enhance our existing solutions and develop and market new solutions and enhancements responsive to technological advancements and customer or end user demand in a timely manner or at all, our net revenues and income will be adversely affected.
HEADER_3:
We continue to experience significant and increasing levels of competition from existing and new competitors and a variety of technologies.
HEADER_4:
If we are unsuccessful in executing on our implementation of payment-related services offerings in new markets and obtaining and maintaining customer acceptance of our service offerings, our net revenues, income and profitability will be adversely affected
HEADER_5:
Security is vital to our customers and end users, and breaches in the security of our solutions could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations.
HEADER_6:
Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly as a result of factors outside of our control, which could cause the market price of our stock to decline.
HEADER_7:
We may suffer losses due to fraudulent activities.
HEADER_8:
A majority of our net revenues are generated outside the U.S.; accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_9:
We intend to expand our operations internationally, and our results of operations could suffer if we are unable to manage our international expansion effectively.
HEADER_10:
If we fail to address the challenges and risks associated with international operations, including those through expansion and acquisitions, we may encounter difficulties implementing our strategy, which could impede our growth or harm our operating results
HEADER_11:
If we fail to address the challenges and risks associated with international operations, including those through expansion and acquisitions, we may encounter difficulties implementing our strategy, which could impede our growth or harm our operating results.
HEADER_12:
A majority of our net revenues are generated outside the U.S.; accordingly,
HEADER_13:
fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations
HEADER_14:
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk--Foreign Currency Transaction Risk 
HEADER_15:
Our international operations tend to carry solutions with lower average selling prices, may be subject to greater downward pressure on prices in some markets and may be associated with higher costs and lower gross margins, which may promote volatility in our results of operations and may adversely impact future growth in our earnings.
HEADER_16:
Macroeconomic conditions and economic volatility have in the past and could in future periods materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_17:
The United Kingdom’s vote to exit from the European Union could adversely impact us. 
HEADER_18:
Sanctions against Russia, and Russia's response to those sanctions, including the imposition of sanctions by Russia, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
HEADER_19:
Our solutions may have defects or experience field failures that could delay sales, harm our brand, increase costs and result in product recalls and additional warranty and other expense.
HEADER_20:
Disruptions in our solutions could reduce our revenues, increase costs, harm our reputation, result in loss of customers and materially impact our results of operations and financial condition.
HEADER_21:
Changes to our management and strategic business plan and restructuring activities may cause uncertainty regarding the future of our business, and may adversely impact employee hiring and retention, our stock price, our customer relationships, and our results of operations and financial condition.
HEADER_22:
We may not successfully implement our transformation initiatives or fully realize the anticipated benefits from our restructuring efforts.
HEADER_23:
If we are unsuccessful in executing on our implementation of payment-related services offerings in new markets and obtaining and maintaining customer acceptance of our service offerings, our net revenues, income and profitability will be adversely affected.
HEADER_24:
We have experienced growth in our operations in recent years, and if we cannot manage our expanded operations and also effectively execute on our business strategy, our results of operations will suffer.
HEADER_25:
From time to time, we engage in acquisitions, divestitures, and other strategic transactions that involve numerous enterprise risks and could disrupt our ongoing business and harm our results of operations. We may not be able to address these risks without substantial expense, delay or other operational or financial problems, and may not realize the expected benefits of our acquisitions.
HEADER_26:
We may not be able to attract, integrate, manage, and retain qualified personnel.
HEADER_27:
We depend on distributors and resellers to sell a significant portion of our solutions. If we do not effectively manage our relationships with them, our net revenues and results of operations could suffer.
HEADER_28:
We depend on a limited number of customers, including distributors and resellers, for a large percentage of our net revenues. If we do not effectively manage our relationships with them, our net revenues and operating results could suffer.
HEADER_29:
Timing for orders for our products and services can be back-end weighted within the fiscal quarter, which can make our net revenues difficult to predict and can negatively impact our business and results of operations.
HEADER_30:
If we do not accurately forecast customer demand and effectively manage our product mix and inventory levels, we may lose sales from having too few or the wrong mix of products or incur costs associated with excess inventory.
HEADER_31:
Timing for orders for our products and services can be back-end weighted within the fiscal quarter, which can make our net revenues difficult to predict and can negatively impact our business and results of operations.
HEADER_32:
We may accumulate excess or obsolete inventory that could result in unanticipated price reductions and write-downs and adversely affect our financial condition.
HEADER_33:
We are exposed to credit risk with some of our customers and to credit exposures and currency controls in certain markets, which could result in material losses.
HEADER_34:
We depend upon third parties to manufacture our systems and to supply the components necessary to manufacture our products, and in some cases we are dependent upon sole source suppliers to manufacture our systems.
HEADER_35:
Shipments of electronic payment systems may be delayed by factors outside of our control, which can harm our reputation and our relationships with our customers.
HEADER_36:
We may be subject to future impairment charges due to potential declines in the fair value of our assets.
HEADER_37:
Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets
HEADER_38:
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates -- Goodwill
HEADER_39:
We have operations in Israel and therefore our results of operations may be adversely affected by political or economic instability or military operations in or around Israel.
HEADER_40:
We have operations and business in Turkey that may be adversely affected by political and economic instability in the country and military operations in the region.
HEADER_41:
Force majeure events, such as terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or war and political instability may adversely affect us.
HEADER_42:
Sanctions against Russia, and Russia's response to those sanctions, including the imposition of sanctions by Russia, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition
HEADER_43:
We have operations in Israel and therefore our results of operations may be adversely affected by political or economic instability or military operations in or around Israel
HEADER_44:
We have operations and business in Turkey that may be adversely affected by political and economic instability in the country and military operations in the region."
HEADER_45:
Natural or man-made disasters, business interruptions and health epidemics could delay our ability to receive or ship our products or provide our services, or otherwise disrupt our business.
HEADER_46:
Risks Related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment
HEADER_47:
Our results of operations will suffer if we cannot comply with industry and government regulations and standards, or if changing standards do not continue to drive upgrade cycles.
HEADER_48:
Changes in laws and regulations of privacy and protection of user data could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_49:
We are party to a number of lawsuits and tax assessments and we may be named in additional litigation and assessments, all of which are likely to require significant management time and attention and expenses and may result in unfavorable outcomes that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
HEADER_50:
In re VeriFone Holdings, Inc. Securities Litigation
HEADER_51:
Our business may suffer if we are sued for infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, or if we are unable to obtain rights to third-party intellectual property on which we depend.
HEADER_52:
Our proprietary technology is difficult to protect and unauthorized use of our proprietary technology by third parties may impair our ability to compete effectively.
HEADER_53:
Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we do not comply with legal and regulatory requirements that apply to our products, including environmental laws and regulations that regulate substances contained in our products.
HEADER_54:
Changes in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_55:
The value of our deferred tax assets may not be realizable to the extent our future profits are less than we have projected and we may be required to record valuation allowances against previously-booked deferred tax assets, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition.
HEADER_56:
Our internal processes and control over financial reporting have in prior periods been deemed inadequate.
HEADER_57:
Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. 
HEADER_58:
Risks Related to Our Capital Structure
HEADER_59:
Our secured credit facility contains restrictive and financial covenants. If we are unable to comply with these covenants, we will be in default. A default could result in the acceleration of our outstanding indebtedness, which would have an adverse effect on our business and stock price.
HEADER_60:
Our indebtedness and debt service obligations under our Credit Agreement are substantial and may adversely affect our cash flow, cash position, and stock price.
HEADER_61:
The conditions of the U.S. and international capital markets may have an adverse effect on other financial transactions.
HEADER_62:
Some provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent transactions that many stockholders may favor.
HEADER_63:
Our share price has been highly volatile and we expect that the price of our stock may continue to fluctuate substantially.
