HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
HEADER_2:
A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider such risks and uncertainties, together with the other information contained in this report, and in our other public filings. If any of such risks and uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition, or operating results could differ materially from the plans, projections, and other forward-looking statements included in the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in this report and in our other public filings. In addition, if any of the following risks and uncertainties, or if any other risks and uncertainties, actually occurs, our business, financial condition, or operating results could be harmed substantially, which could cause the market price of our stock to decline, perhaps significantly.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_4:
We derive, and expect to continue to derive, substantially all of our revenue and cash flows from Zendesk Support. If we fail to adapt this product to changing market dynamics and customer preferences or to achieve increased market acceptance of Support, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects would be harmed.
HEADER_5:
We have a history of losses and we expect our revenue growth rate to decline. As our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and sustain our profitability.
HEADER_6:
We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to predict future operating results.
HEADER_7:
The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_8:
Our business depends substantially on our customers renewing their subscriptions, expanding the use of their subscriptions, and purchasing subscriptions for additional products from us. Any decline in our customer retention or expansion, or any failure by us to sell subscriptions to additional products to existing customers, would harm our future operating results.
HEADER_9:
We may not be able to successfully introduce and market new products or integrate such new products into our infrastructure, which could negatively impact our future sales and results of operations.
HEADER_10:
If we are not able to develop enhancements to our products or introduce new products and services that achieve market acceptance and that keep pace with technological developments, our business would be harmed.
HEADER_11:
We employ a pricing model that subjects us to various challenges that could make it difficult for us to derive sufficient value from our customers.
HEADER_12:
We do not have the history with our subscription or pricing models that we need to accurately predict optimal pricing necessary to attract new customers and retain existing customers.
HEADER_13:
If we fail to effectively manage our growth and organizational change in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our culture, our business and operating results could be harmed.
HEADER_14:
If the market for SaaS business software applications develops more slowly than we expect or declines, our business would be adversely affected.
HEADER_15:
If our network or computer systems
HEADER_16:
are breached or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our products may be perceived as insecure, we may lose existing customers or fail to attract new customers, and we may incur significant liabilities.
HEADER_17:
Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure may adversely affect our business and operating results.
HEADER_18:
Real or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our products could adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects.
HEADER_19:
Incorrect or improper implementation or use of our products could result in customer dissatisfaction and negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects.
HEADER_20:
Any failure to offer high-quality product support or customer success initiatives may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results.
HEADER_21:
We depend on our executive officers and other key employees and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_22:
We are highly dependent upon free trials of our products and other inbound lead generation strategies to drive our sales and revenue. If these strategies fail to continue to generate sales opportunities or do not convert into paying customers, our business and results of operations would be harmed.
HEADER_23:
We face a number of risks in our strategy to increasingly target larger organizations for sales of our products and, if we do not manage these efforts effectively, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
HEADER_24:
Failure to effectively expand our sales capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products.
HEADER_25:
Our financial results may fluctuate due to increasing variability in our sales cycles.
HEADER_26:
Our quarterly results may fluctuate for various other reasons, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of
HEADER_27:
in our common stock
HEADER_28:
Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy or reductions in information technology spending could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results.
HEADER_29:
If we are unable to develop and maintain successful relationships with channel partners, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
HEADER_30:
If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
HEADER_31:
Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.
HEADER_32:
We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls.
HEADER_33:
We recognize revenue over the term of our customer contracts. Consequently, downturns or upturns in new sales may not be immediately reflected in our operating results and may be difficult to discern.
HEADER_34:
Certain of our operating results and financial metrics may be difficult to predict as a result of seasonality.
HEADER_35:
Our ongoing and planned expenditures on third-party managed hosting services, investments in self-managed colocation data centers, and expenditures on transitioning our services and customers fully to third-party managed hosting services, are expensive and complex, have resulted, and will result, in a negative impact on our cash flows, and may negatively impact our financial results.
HEADER_36:
Our business and growth depend in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties, including technology partners, channel partners, and professional services partners.
HEADER_37:
If we fail to integrate our products with a variety of operating systems, software applications, and hardware that are developed by others, our products may become less marketable, less competitive, or obsolete, and our operating results would be harmed.
HEADER_38:
We may acquire or invest in companies, which may divert our management’s attention and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions.
HEADER_39:
Because our products can be used to collect and store personal information, domestic and international privacy and data security concerns could result in additional costs and liabilities to us or inhibit sales of our products.
HEADER_40:
We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights.
HEADER_41:
Indemnity provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement and other losses.
HEADER_42:
Our use of “open source” software could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation.
HEADER_43:
Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand.
HEADER_44:
We may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs.
HEADER_45:
We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
HEADER_46:
Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value added, or similar taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_47:
Our international operations subject us to potentially adverse tax consequences.
HEADER_48:
If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
HEADER_49:
Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.
HEADER_50:
Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all.
HEADER_51:
We depend and rely upon SaaS technologies from third parties to operate our business and interruptions or performance problems with these technologies may adversely affect our business and operating results.
HEADER_52:
Changes in laws and regulations related to the Internet or changes in the Internet infrastructure itself may diminish the demand for our products, cause us to incur additional expenses, or otherwise have a negative impact on our business.
HEADER_53:
Catastrophic events may disrupt our business.
HEADER_54:
Exposure to United Kingdom political developments, including the United Kingdom's vote to leave the European Union, could have a material adverse effect on us.
HEADER_55:
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
HEADER_56:
Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, resulting in substantial losses for our stockholders.
HEADER_57:
Our directors, officers, and principal stockholders beneficially own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval.
HEADER_58:
Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
HEADER_59:
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, and limit the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_60:
The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members.
HEADER_61:
We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to changes in the value of our common stock.
HEADER_62:
If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_63:
Our charter documents designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees.
