HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also adversely affect our business.
HEADER_3:
The sale of our products and our results of operations are dependent upon demand from the end markets of our customers, which is cyclical.
HEADER_4:
Incorrect forecasts, reductions, cancellations or delays in orders for our products and volatility in customer demand could adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_5:
Our operating results may be adversely affected by our inability to timely develop new products through our research and development efforts. We may be unsuccessful in developing and selling new products necessary to maintain or expand our business.
HEADER_6:
The loss of, or substantial reduction in sales to, any of our large customers could have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
HEADER_7:
Our dependence on subcontractors for assembly, test, freight, wafer fabrication and logistic services and certain manufacturing services may cause delays beyond our control in delivering products to our customers.
HEADER_8:
If we fail to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business may be harmed.
HEADER_9:
Our manufacturing operations may be interrupted or suffer yield problems.
HEADER_10:
Our critical information systems are subject to attacks, interruptions and failures.
HEADER_11:
We may encounter difficulties in the implementation of a new global execution system, which may adversely affect our ability to effectively supply products to our customers and financial reporting.
HEADER_12:
Our results of operations could be adversely affected by warranty claims and product liability.
HEADER_13:
We may be unable to adequately protect our proprietary rights, which may impact our ability to compete effectively.
HEADER_14:
We may suffer losses and business interruption if our products infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
HEADER_15:
We may experience losses related to intellectual property indemnity claims.
HEADER_16:
Our independent distributors and sales representatives may underperform relative to our expectations, terminate their relationship with us or fail to make payments on outstanding accounts receivable to us, which would adversely affect our financial results.
HEADER_17:
Our operating results may be adversely affected by increased competition and consolidation of competitors in our market. 
HEADER_18:
Shortage of raw materials or supply disruption of such raw materials could harm our business.
HEADER_19:
We may be liable for additional production costs and lost revenues to certain customers with whom we have entered into customer supply agreements if we are unable to meet certain product quantity and quality requirements.
HEADER_20:
If we fail to enter into future vendor managed inventory arrangements or fail to supply the specific product or quantity under such arrangements, the results of our operations and financial condition may be materially adversely impacted.
HEADER_21:
Our products may fail to meet new industry standards or requirements and the efforts to meet such industry standards or requirements could be costly.
HEADER_22:
Extensions in lead-time for delivery of products could adversely affect our future growth opportunities and results of operations.
HEADER_23:
Our financial results may be adversely affected by increased tax rates and exposure to additional tax liabilities.
HEADER_24:
Exiting certain product lines or businesses, or restructuring our operations, may adversely affect certain customer relationships and produce results that differ from our intended outcomes.
HEADER_25:
Political conditions could materially affect our revenues and results of operations.
HEADER_26:
Material impairments of our goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our results of operations.
HEADER_27:
Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions.
HEADER_28:
Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate, which could adversely impact our common stock price.
HEADER_29:
Our stock price may be volatile.
HEADER_30:
Our debt covenants may limit us from engaging in certain transactions or other activities.
HEADER_31:
Environmental, safety and health laws and regulations could force us to expend significant capital and incur substantial costs.
HEADER_32:
Employee health benefit costs may negatively impact our profitability.
HEADER_33:
Business interruptions from natural disasters could harm our ability to produce products.
HEADER_34:
Our financial condition, operations and liquidity may be materially adversely affected in the event of a catastrophic loss for which we are self-insured.
HEADER_35:
We may pursue acquisitions and investments that could harm our operating results and may disrupt our business.
HEADER_36:
We may be materially adversely affected by currency fluctuations or changes in trade policies.
HEADER_37:
We are subject to a variety of domestic and international laws and regulations, including the use of “conflict minerals”, U.S. Customs and Export Regulations, and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
HEADER_38:
Our certificate of incorporation contains certain anti-takeover provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a hostile change in control of our Company.
