HEADER_1:
The market for all-flash storage products is rapidly evolving, which makes it difficult to forecast customer adoption rates and demand for our p
HEADER_2:
If we fail to develop and introduce new or enhanced products on a timely basis, our ability to attract and retain customers could be impaired and our competitive position could be harmed.
HEADER_3:
Our gross margins are impacted by a variety of factors, are subject to variation from period
HEADER_4:
 to period and are difficult to predict.
HEADER_5:
Our products are highly technical and may contain undetected defects, which could cause data unavailability, loss or corruption that might, in turn, result in liab
HEADER_6:
ility to our customers and harm to our reputation and business.
HEADER_7:
Our ability to successfully market and sell our products is dependent in part on ease of use and the quality of our support offerings, and any failure to offer high-quality installation and technical support could harm our business.
HEADER_8:
Adverse economic conditions or reduced data center spending may adversely impact our revenues and profitability.
HEADER_9:
are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected and our business could be harmed.
HEADER_10:
We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certai
HEADER_11:
n reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors.
HEADER_12:
Sales to U.S. federal, state and local governments are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business.
HEADER_13:
Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes and other natur
HEADER_14:
al catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made factors such as computer viruses or terrorism.
HEADER_15:
Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline.
HEADER_16:
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and under Delaware law might discoura
HEADER_17:
ge, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our Class A common stock.
