HEADER_1:
Our success depends on our ability to develop and introduce new products and failure to do so would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
HEADER_2:
We rely on independent foundries for the manufacture of all of our products and a manufacturing problem or insufficient foundry capacity could adversely affect our operations. 
HEADER_3:
Earthquakes and other natural disasters could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_4:
General negative economic conditions and any related deterioration in the global business environment could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_5:
The semiconductor industry is characterized by cyclical market patterns and a significant industry downturn could adversely affect our operating results. 
HEADER_6:
The nature of our business makes our revenues difficult to predict which could have an adverse impact on our business. 
HEADER_7:
If we are not able to compete successfully in our industry, our financial results and future prospects will be adversely affected.
HEADER_8:
Increased costs of wafers and materials, or shortages in wafers and materials, could adversely impact our gross margins and lead to reduced revenues. 
HEADER_9:
We depend on distributors, primarily Avnet, to generate a significant portion of our sales and complete order fulfillment. 
HEADER_10:
We are dependent on independent subcontractors for most of our assembly and test services, and unavailability or disruption of these services could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
HEADER_11:
A number of factors, including our inventory strategy, can impact our gross margins.
HEADER_12:
Reductions in the average selling prices of our products could have a negative impact on our gross margins. 
HEADER_13:
Because of our international business and operations, we are vulnerable to the economic conditions of the countries in which we operate and currency fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our business and negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
HEADER_14:
We are subject to the risks associated with conducting business operations outside of the U.S. which could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_15:
We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and changes in credit rating and in the market values of our portfolio investments which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
HEADER_16:
Our failure to protect and defend our IP could impair our ability to compete effectively.
HEADER_17:
Our ability to design and introduce new products in a timely manner is dependent upon third-party IP. 
HEADER_18:
We rely on information technology (IT) systems, and failure of these systems to function properly or unauthorized access to our systems could result in business disruption. 
HEADER_19:
If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls, our stock price could be adversely affected.
HEADER_20:
We compete with others to attract and retain key personnel, and any loss of, or inability to attract, such personnel would harm us.  
HEADER_21:
Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
HEADER_22:
Our products could have defects which could result in reduced revenues and claims against us.
HEADER_23:
In preparing our financial statements, we make good faith estimates and judgments that may change or turn out to be erroneous. 
HEADER_24:
Our failure to comply with the requirements of the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and the International Traffic and Arms Regulations (ITAR) could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
HEADER_25:
Our inability to effectively control the sale of our products on the gray market could have a material adverse effect on us. 
HEADER_26:
The conflict minerals provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act could result in additional costs and liabilities.  
HEADER_27:
Exposure to greater than anticipated income tax liabilities, changes in tax rules and regulations, changes in interpretation of tax rules and regulations, or unfavorable assessments from tax audits could affect our effective tax rates, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_28:
Our 2.625% Senior Convertible Debenture (2017 Convertible Notes) mature on June 15, 2017, which could have a material effect on our liquidity.
HEADER_29:
Considerable amounts of our common shares are available for issuance under our equity incentive plans and 2017 Convertible Notes, and significant issuances in the future may adversely impact the market price of our common shares. 
HEADER_30:
We have indebtedness that could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent
HEADER_31:
us from fulfilling our debt obligations.
HEADER_32:
The agreements governing the 2019 Notes and 2021 Notes contain covenants that may adversely affect our ability to operate our business.  
HEADER_33:
The call options and warrant transactions related to our 2017 Convertible Notes may affect the value of the debenture
HEADER_34:
and our common stock.
HEADER_35:
Acquisitions and strategic investments present risks, and we may not realize the goals that were contemplated at the time of a transaction.
