HEADER_1:
Risk Factors That May Affect our Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
HEADER_2:
Our operating and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as the trading price of our common stock and debt securities. 
HEADER_3:
Substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in ecommerce may harm our business.
HEADER_4:
Global and regional economic conditions could harm our business.
HEADER_5:
We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
HEADER_6:
Our international operations are subject to increased risks, which could harm our business.
HEADER_7:
Any factors that reduce cross-border trade or make such trade more difficult could harm our business.
HEADER_8:
Our business may be adversely affected by geopolitical events, natural disasters, seasonal factors and other factors that cause our users to spend less time on our websites or mobile platforms and applications, including increased usage of other websites.
HEADER_9:
Our success depends to a large degree on our ability to successfully address the rapidly evolving market for transactions on mobile devices.
HEADER_10:
If we cannot keep pace with rapid technological developments to provide new and innovative programs, products and services, the use of our products and our revenues could decline.
HEADER_11:
Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight.
HEADER_12:
Regulation in the areas of privacy and protection of user data could harm our business. 
HEADER_13:
Other laws and regulations could harm our business.
HEADER_14:
We are regularly subject to general litigation, regulatory disputes, and government inquiries.
HEADER_15:
We are subject to regulatory activity and antitrust litigation under competition laws.
HEADER_16:
We are subject to patent litigation.
HEADER_17:
We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which, if not remediated, could adversely affect our reputation, business or stock price.
HEADER_18:
We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates.
HEADER_19:
Our tickets business is subject to regulatory, competitive and other risks that could harm this business.
HEADER_20:
The listing or sale by our users of items that allegedly infringe the intellectual property rights of rights owners, including pirated or counterfeit items, may harm our business.
HEADER_21:
We are subject to risks associated with information disseminated through our services.
HEADER_22:
Changes to our programs to protect buyers and sellers could increase our costs and loss rate.
HEADER_23:
We may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, or third parties may allege that we are infringing their intellectual property rights.  
HEADER_24:
Failure to deal effectively with fraudulent activities on our platforms would increase our loss rate and harm our business, and could severely diminish merchant and consumer confidence in and use of our services.
HEADER_25:
We have substantial indebtedness, and we may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, and we may not generate sufficient cash flow from our business to service our indebtedness. Failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness could result in the acceleration of our indebtedness, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity.
HEADER_26:
A downgrade in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our business.
HEADER_27:
Our business and users may be subject to sales tax and other taxes.
HEADER_28:
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
HEADER_29:
We may be subject to sales reporting and record-keeping obligations.
HEADER_30:
Our business is subject to online security risks, including security breaches and cyberattacks.
HEADER_31:
Systems failures or cyberattacks and resulting interruptions in the availability of or degradation in the performance of our websites, applications, products or services could harm our business. 
HEADER_32:
Acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures, and strategic investments could result in operating difficulties and could harm our business. 
HEADER_33:
Our success largely depends on key personnel. Because competition for our key employees is intense, we may not be able to attract, retain, and develop the highly skilled employees we need to support our business. The loss of senior management or other key personnel could harm our business.
HEADER_34:
Problems with or price increases by third parties who provide services to us or to our sellers could harm our business.
HEADER_35:
Our developer platforms, which are open to merchants and third-party developers, subject us to additional risks.
HEADER_36:
The Distribution may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits and may adversely affect our business. 
HEADER_37:
We could incur significant liability if the Distribution is determined to be a taxable transaction.
HEADER_38:
We may be exposed to claims and liabilities as a result of the Distribution.
