HEADER_1:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_2:
Our success depends increasingly on customer acceptance of our emerging products and services. 
HEADER_3:
A significant decrease in demand for our server virtualization products would adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_4:
We face intense competition that could adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_5:
Providers of public cloud infrastructure and SaaS-based offerings.
HEADER_6:
Large, diversified enterprise software and hardware companies
HEADER_7:
Companies offering competing platforms based on open source technologies
HEADER_8:
Our partners and members of our developer and technology partner ecosystem
HEADER_9:
The loss of key management personnel could harm our business.
HEADER_10:
Competition for our target employees is intense and costly, and we may not be able to attract and retain highly skilled employees.
HEADER_11:
Adverse economic conditions may harm our business.
HEADER_12:
We may not be able to respond to rapid technological changes with new solutions and services offerings.
HEADER_13:
Breaches of our cybersecurity systems could seriously harm our business.
HEADER_14:
Our operating results may fluctuate significantly.
HEADER_15:
We are exposed to foreign exchange risks.
HEADER_16:
We operate a global business that exposes us to additional risks.
HEADER_17:
Our current research and development efforts may not produce significant revenue for several years, if at all.
HEADER_18:
We are involved in litigation, investigations and regulatory inquiries and proceedings that could negatively affect us.
HEADER_19:
We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights.
HEADER_20:
Our use of “open source” software in our products could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to litigation.
HEADER_21:
The evolution of our business requires more complex go-to-market strategies, which involve significant risk.
HEADER_22:
Our success depends upon our ability to develop appropriate business and pricing models.
HEADER_23:
Our products and services are highly technical and may contain errors, defects or security vulnerabilities.
HEADER_24:
Failure to effectively manage our product and service lifecycles could harm our business.
HEADER_25:
Our success depends on the interoperability of our products and services with those of other companies.
HEADER_26:
Disruptions to our distribution channels could harm our business.
HEADER_27:
Our vCloud Air and SaaS offerings rely on third-party providers for data center space and colocation services.
HEADER_28:
Joint ventures may not yield expected benefits and outcomes.
HEADER_29:
SaaS offerings, which involve various risks, constitute an important part of our business.
HEADER_30:
Improper disclosure and use of personal data could result in liability and impact our business.
HEADER_31:
If we fail to comply with our customer contracts or government contracting regulations, our business could be adversely affected.
HEADER_32:
Acquisitions and dispositions could harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_33:
If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
HEADER_34:
Problems with our information systems could interfere with our business and could adversely impact our operations.
HEADER_35:
We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities, and our operating results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected tax rates.
HEADER_36:
Catastrophic events or geo-political conditions could disrupt our business.
HEADER_37:
Changes in accounting principles and guidance could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects.
HEADER_38:
Risks Related to Our Relationship with Dell
HEADER_39:
Our stock price fluctuated significantly following the announcement of the Dell Acquisition, and our future relationship with Dell may adversely impact our business and stock price in the future.
HEADER_40:
Holders of our Class A common stock have limited ability to influence matters requiring stockholder approval.
HEADER_41:
Dell has the ability to prevent us from taking actions that might be in our best interest. 
HEADER_42:
Dell has the ability to prevent a change-in-control transaction and may sell control of VMware without benefiting other stockholders.
HEADER_43:
If Dell’s level of ownership significantly increases, Dell could unilaterally effect a merger of VMware into Dell without a vote of VMware stockholders or the VMware Board of Directors at a price per share that might not reflect a premium to then-current market prices. 
HEADER_44:
We engage in related persons transactions with Dell that may divert our resources, create opportunity costs and prove to be unsuccessful.
HEADER_45:
Our business and Dell’s businesses overlap, and Dell may compete with us, which could reduce our market share.
HEADER_46:
Dell’s competition in certain markets may affect our ability to build and maintain partnerships.
HEADER_47:
The realignment of our fiscal calendar to coincide with Dell’s and Dell’s reporting on our financial results may result in fluctuations in our stock price, and errors in our implementation of the realignment could adversely impact our business operations and financial results.
HEADER_48:
We could be held liable for the tax liabilities of other members of Dell’s consolidated tax group.
HEADER_49:
We have limited ability to resolve favorably any disputes that arise between us and Dell.
HEADER_50:
Our CEO, our CFO and some of our directors have potential conflicts of interest with Dell.
HEADER_51:
Dell’s ability to control our board of directors may make it difficult for us to recruit independent directors.
HEADER_52:
Our historical financial information as a majority-owned subsidiary may not be representative of the results of a completely independent public company.
HEADER_53:
Risks Related to Owning Our Class A Common Stock
HEADER_54:
The price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated significantly in recent years and may fluctuate significantly in the future.
HEADER_55:
If securities or industry analysts change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_56:
Anti-takeover provisions in Delaware law and our charter documents could discourage takeover attempts.
