CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:

CONTENT_4:

CONTENT_5:
The end markets for optical products have experienced significant industry consolidation during the past few years. As a result, the markets for optical subsystems and components are highly competitive. Our current competitors include a number of domestic and international companies, many of which have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and distribution resources and brand name recognition than we have. These competitors include II-VI Incorporated, Acacia Communications, Inc., Applied Optoelectronics, Inc., Coherent, Inc., Finisar Corporation, Fujitsu Optical Components, Furukawa Electric Co., Ltd., InnoLight Technology Corporation, IPG Photonics  Corporation, Neophotonics Corporation, Newport Corporation, Oclaro, Inc., Rofin-Sinar Technologies Inc. and Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd.&#160;We may not be able to compete successfully against either current or future competitors. Our competitors may continue to enter markets or gain or retain market share through aggressive low pricing strategies that may impact the efficacy of our approach. Additionally, if significant competitors were to merge or consolidate, they may be able to offer a lower cost structure through economies of scale that we may be unable to match. For example, Coherent and Rofin-Sinar have announced that they have entered into an agreement for the acquisition of Rofin-Sinar by Coherent.  The acquisition may intensify competition in the Lasers market. Increased competition could result in significant price erosion, reduced revenue, lower margins or loss of market share, any of which would significantly harm our business.
CONTENT_6:
The uncertain state of the global economy has contributed and continues to contribute to decreases in demand and spending in the technology industry at large, as well as to the specific markets in which we operate. The slow pace of global economic recovery and the resulting effects on global credit markets has created uncertainty in the timing and overall demand from our customers. In addition, Great Britain's recent vote to exit from the European Union has created economic uncertainty in Europe and the global financial markets. This uncertainty may lead to decreased demand for our products and revenue fluctuations, increased price competition for our products, and may increase the risk of excess and obsolete inventories and higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue. Continued economic challenges in the global financial markets could further negatively impact our operations by affecting the solvency of our customers, the solvency of our key suppliers or the ability of our customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. If economic conditions do not improve or if they deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations would likely be materially and adversely impacted.12Table of Contents
CONTENT_7:
We rely on several independent contract manufacturers to supply us with certain products. For many products, a particular contract manufacturer may be the sole source of the finished good product. We depend on these manufacturers to meet our production requirements and to provide quality products to our customers. Despite rigorous testing for quality, both by us and our customers, we may receive and ship defective products. We may incur significant costs to correct defective products which could include harm to our reputation and lost future sales, as well as potentially cause customer relations problems, indemnification costs or costs to replace or repair the defective products, litigation and damage to our reputation. It may also cause diversion of management attention from our business and product development efforts. Additionally, the ability of our contract manufacturers to fulfill their obligations may be affected by natural disasters or economic, political or other forces that are beyond our control. Any such failure could have a material impact on our ability to meet our customers&#8217; expectations and may materially impact our operating results. In addition, some of our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers are not cancellable which may impact our earnings if customer forecasts driving these purchase commitments do not materialize and we are unable to sell the products to other customers. Alternatively, our contract manufacturers may not be able to meet our demand which would inhibit our ability to meet customer demand and maintain or grow our revenues. Furthermore, it could be costly and require a long period of time to move products from one contract manufacturer to another which could result in interruptions in supply and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.We manufacture some of the components that we provide to our contract manufacturers, along with our own finished goods, in our Bloomfield, Connecticut (which the Company has announced will be closing) and San Jose, California manufacturing facilities. For some of the components and finished good products we are the sole manufacturer. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex and issues are often difficult to detect and correct. From time to time we have experienced problems achieving acceptable yields in our manufacturing facilities, resulting in delays in the availability of our products. In addition, if we experience problems with our manufacturing facilities, it would be costly and require a long period of time to move the manufacture of these components and finished good products to a different facility or contract manufacturer which could then result in interruptions in supply, and would likely materially impact our financial condition and results of operations.In addition, the closing of our Bloomfield, Connecticut manufacturing facility will require the transfer to other manufacturing sites of complex technologies and processes. If we are unable to transfer the technology and processes for the products we currently manufacture in the Bloomfield facility in a timely manner, it could result in interruptions in supply and would likely impact our financial condition and results of operations.Changes in manufacturing processes are often required due to changes in product specifications, changing customer needs and the introduction of new products. These changes may reduce manufacturing yields at our contract manufacturers and at our own manufacturing facilities resulting in reduced margins on those products.
CONTENT_8:
We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers, who are often small and specialized, for raw materials, packages and standard components. Our business and results of operations have been, and could continue to be, adversely affected by this dependency. Specific concerns we periodically encounter with our suppliers include stoppages or delays of supply, insufficient resources to supply our requirements, substitution of more expensive or less reliable materials, receipt of defective parts or contaminated materials, increases in the price of supplies, and an inability to obtain reduced pricing from our suppliers in response to competitive pressures.  Any disruption in the supply of the raw materials, packaging or components used in the manufacture and delivery of our products could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.13Table of Contents
CONTENT_9:
We have consistently relied on a small number of customers for a significant portion of our sales (please refer to &#8220;Note 16. Operating Segments and Geographic Information&#8221; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) and we expect that this customer concentration will continue in the future. The majority of our customers purchase products under purchase orders or under contracts that do not contain volume purchase commitments.&#160;Changes in the business requirements, vendor selection, project prioritization, financial prospects, capital resources, and expenditures, or purchasing behavior (including product mix purchased) of our key customers, or any real or perceived quality issues related to the products that we sell to such customers, could significantly decrease our sales to such customers or could lead to delays or cancellations of planned purchases of our products or services, which increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our revenues and operating results. If forecasted orders do not materialize, we may need to reduce investment in R&amp;D activities, we may fail to optimize our manufacturing capacity, or we may have excess inventory.&#160;Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_10:
Large OEM and end-user service providers comprise a significant portion of our customer base. These customers generally have greater purchasing power than smaller entities and, accordingly, often request and receive more favorable terms from suppliers.&#160;&#160;As we seek to expand our sales to existing customers and acquire new customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that are favorable to our customers and that may affect the timing of our ability to recognize revenue, increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, consolidation among such large customers can further increase their buying power and ability to require onerous terms.&#160;Additionally, the terms these large customers require, such as most-favored nation or exclusivity provisions, may impact our ability to do business with other customers and generate revenues from such customers.
CONTENT_11:
Our products are complex and defects may be found from time to time. Networking products in particular in frequently contain undetected software or hardware defects when first introduced or as new versions are released. In addition, our products are often embedded in or deployed in conjunction with our customers&#8217; products which incorporate a variety of components produced by third parties. As a result, when problems occur, it may be difficult to identify the source of the problem. These problems may cause us to incur significant damages or warranty and repair costs, divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts and cause significant customer relation problems or loss of customers, all of which would harm our business.We are subject to continued changes in tax laws; the possible fluctuation of our effective tax rate over time could materially and adversely affect our operating results.We are subject to taxes in the United States and numerous international jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on current tax payments and our estimates of future tax payments, which may include reserves for estimates of probable settlements of international and domestic tax audits. At any one time, multiple tax years and jurisdictions are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. As a result, there could be ongoing variability in our tax rates as taxable events occur and uncertain tax positions are re-evaluated or resolved.Tax policy reform continues to be a topic of discussion in the United States and in the foreign jurisdictions in which we may conduct business. A significant change to the tax system in the United States or other foreign jurisdictions, including changes to the taxation of international income, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our effective tax rate in a given financial statements period may be materially impacted by changes in tax laws, changes in the mix and level of earnings by taxing jurisdiction, changes to existing accounting rules or regulations or by changes to our ownership or capital structures. Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate could materially and adversely affect our results of business, financial condition and operating results.14Table of ContentsWe may change our international corporate structure in the near future in order to minimize our effective tax rate; however, if we are unable to adopt this structure or if it is challenged by U.S. or foreign tax authorities, we may be unable to realize such tax savings which could materially and adversely affect our operating results.We have taken certain preliminary steps to implement an international corporate structure more closely aligned with our international operations. This potential corporate structure is intended to reduce our overall effective tax rate through changes among our wholly-owned subsidiaries in how we use our intellectual property, and how we structure our international procurement and sales operations. The contemplated structure includes legal entities located in jurisdictions with income tax rates lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate. Such intercompany arrangements would be designed to result in income earned by such entities in accordance with arm&#8217;s-length principles and commensurate with functions performed, risks assumed and ownership of valuable corporate assets. We believe that income taxed in certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. statutory rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate over the medium to long term.We have agreed to reimburse Viavi for certain tax liabilities and related costs that may be incurred by Viavi, following application of net operating losses by Viavi, in the event that we implement this revised corporate structure. In addition, the implementation of such a structure has required us to incur expenses, and may require that we incur additional expenses, for which we may not realize related benefits, and in any event, we do not expect to materially realize such benefits for several years .If we put the intended structure into effect and it is not accepted by the applicable taxing authorities, if changes in domestic and international tax laws negatively impact the proposed structure, including proposed legislation to reform U.S. taxation of international business activities, or if we do not operate our business consistent with the proposed structure and applicable tax provisions, we may fail to achieve the financial and operational efficiencies that we anticipate as a result of the proposed structure, and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected.We are subject to risks arising from our international operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.We derive a majority of our revenue from our international operations, and we plan to continue expanding our business in international markets in the future. In addition, we have extensive international manufacturing capabilities with third party contract manufacturers, as well as our own international facilities, with employees engaged in R&amp;D, administration, manufacturing, support and sales and marketing activities.As a result of our international operations, we are affected by economic, business regulatory, social, and political conditions in foreign countries, including the following:&#8226;changes in general IT spending;&#8226;the imposition of government controls, inclusive of critical infrastructure protection;&#8226;changes or limitations in trade protection laws or other regulatory requirements, which may affect our ability to import or export our products from various countries;&#8226;varying and potentially conflicting laws and regulations;&#8226;fluctuations in local economies;&#8226;wage inflation or a tightening of the labor market&#8226;international political developments, such as Great Britain's recent vote to exit from the European Union; and&#8226;the impact of the following on service provider and government spending patterns: political considerations,           unfavorable changes in tax treaties or laws, natural disasters, epidemic disease, labor unrest, earnings expatriation restrictions, misappropriation of intellectual property, military actions, acts of terrorism, political and social unrest and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations.Any or all of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.15Table of ContentsMoreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from or conflict with those in the United States or other countries in which we operate. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. regulations applicable to us. There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, channel partners, and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and procedures, which are designed to ensure compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners, or agents could result in termination of our relationship, financial reporting problems, fines and/or penalties for us, or prohibition on the importation or exportation of our products, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.Our future operating results may be subject to volatility due to fluctuations in foreign currency.We are exposed to foreign exchange risks with regard to our operating expenses which may affect our operating results. Although we price our products primarily in U.S. dollars, a portion of our operating expenses are incurred in foreign currencies. If the value of the U.S. dollar depreciates relative to certain other foreign currencies, it would increase our costs as expressed in U.S. dollars. Conversely, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, such strengthening could raise the relative cost of our products to non-U.S. customers, especially as compared to foreign competitors, and could reduce demand.We intend to engage in currency hedging transactions to reduce our foreign exchange exposure. However, these transactions may not fully eliminate our risk and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
CONTENT_12:
We are subject to taxes in the United States and numerous international jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on current tax payments and our estimates of future tax payments, which may include reserves for estimates of probable settlements of international and domestic tax audits. At any one time, multiple tax years and jurisdictions are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. As a result, there could be ongoing variability in our tax rates as taxable events occur and uncertain tax positions are re-evaluated or resolved.Tax policy reform continues to be a topic of discussion in the United States and in the foreign jurisdictions in which we may conduct business. A significant change to the tax system in the United States or other foreign jurisdictions, including changes to the taxation of international income, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our effective tax rate in a given financial statements period may be materially impacted by changes in tax laws, changes in the mix and level of earnings by taxing jurisdiction, changes to existing accounting rules or regulations or by changes to our ownership or capital structures. Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate could materially and adversely affect our results of business, financial condition and operating results.14Table of Contents
CONTENT_13:
We have taken certain preliminary steps to implement an international corporate structure more closely aligned with our international operations. This potential corporate structure is intended to reduce our overall effective tax rate through changes among our wholly-owned subsidiaries in how we use our intellectual property, and how we structure our international procurement and sales operations. The contemplated structure includes legal entities located in jurisdictions with income tax rates lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate. Such intercompany arrangements would be designed to result in income earned by such entities in accordance with arm&#8217;s-length principles and commensurate with functions performed, risks assumed and ownership of valuable corporate assets. We believe that income taxed in certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. statutory rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate over the medium to long term.We have agreed to reimburse Viavi for certain tax liabilities and related costs that may be incurred by Viavi, following application of net operating losses by Viavi, in the event that we implement this revised corporate structure. In addition, the implementation of such a structure has required us to incur expenses, and may require that we incur additional expenses, for which we may not realize related benefits, and in any event, we do not expect to materially realize such benefits for several years .If we put the intended structure into effect and it is not accepted by the applicable taxing authorities, if changes in domestic and international tax laws negatively impact the proposed structure, including proposed legislation to reform U.S. taxation of international business activities, or if we do not operate our business consistent with the proposed structure and applicable tax provisions, we may fail to achieve the financial and operational efficiencies that we anticipate as a result of the proposed structure, and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected.
CONTENT_14:
We derive a majority of our revenue from our international operations, and we plan to continue expanding our business in international markets in the future. In addition, we have extensive international manufacturing capabilities with third party contract manufacturers, as well as our own international facilities, with employees engaged in R&amp;D, administration, manufacturing, support and sales and marketing activities.As a result of our international operations, we are affected by economic, business regulatory, social, and political conditions in foreign countries, including the following:&#8226;changes in general IT spending;&#8226;the imposition of government controls, inclusive of critical infrastructure protection;&#8226;changes or limitations in trade protection laws or other regulatory requirements, which may affect our ability to import or export our products from various countries;&#8226;varying and potentially conflicting laws and regulations;&#8226;fluctuations in local economies;&#8226;wage inflation or a tightening of the labor market&#8226;international political developments, such as Great Britain's recent vote to exit from the European Union; and&#8226;the impact of the following on service provider and government spending patterns: political considerations,           unfavorable changes in tax treaties or laws, natural disasters, epidemic disease, labor unrest, earnings expatriation restrictions, misappropriation of intellectual property, military actions, acts of terrorism, political and social unrest and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations.Any or all of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.15Table of ContentsMoreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from or conflict with those in the United States or other countries in which we operate. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. regulations applicable to us. There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, channel partners, and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and procedures, which are designed to ensure compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners, or agents could result in termination of our relationship, financial reporting problems, fines and/or penalties for us, or prohibition on the importation or exportation of our products, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_15:
We are exposed to foreign exchange risks with regard to our operating expenses which may affect our operating results. Although we price our products primarily in U.S. dollars, a portion of our operating expenses are incurred in foreign currencies. If the value of the U.S. dollar depreciates relative to certain other foreign currencies, it would increase our costs as expressed in U.S. dollars. Conversely, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, such strengthening could raise the relative cost of our products to non-U.S. customers, especially as compared to foreign competitors, and could reduce demand.We intend to engage in currency hedging transactions to reduce our foreign exchange exposure. However, these transactions may not fully eliminate our risk and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
CONTENT_16:
We are subject to taxes in the United States and numerous international jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on current tax payments and our estimates of future tax payments, which may include reserves for estimates of probable settlements of international and domestic tax audits. At any one time, multiple tax years and jurisdictions are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. As a result, there could be ongoing variability in our tax rates as taxable events occur and uncertain tax positions are re-evaluated or resolved.Tax policy reform continues to be a topic of discussion in the United States and in the foreign jurisdictions in which we may conduct business. A significant change to the tax system in the United States or other foreign jurisdictions, including changes to the taxation of international income, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our effective tax rate in a given financial statements period may be materially impacted by changes in tax laws, changes in the mix and level of earnings by taxing jurisdiction, changes to existing accounting rules or regulations or by changes to our ownership or capital structures. Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate could materially and adversely affect our results of business, financial condition and operating results.14Table of ContentsWe may change our international corporate structure in the near future in order to minimize our effective tax rate; however, if we are unable to adopt this structure or if it is challenged by U.S. or foreign tax authorities, we may be unable to realize such tax savings which could materially and adversely affect our operating results.We have taken certain preliminary steps to implement an international corporate structure more closely aligned with our international operations. This potential corporate structure is intended to reduce our overall effective tax rate through changes among our wholly-owned subsidiaries in how we use our intellectual property, and how we structure our international procurement and sales operations. The contemplated structure includes legal entities located in jurisdictions with income tax rates lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate. Such intercompany arrangements would be designed to result in income earned by such entities in accordance with arm&#8217;s-length principles and commensurate with functions performed, risks assumed and ownership of valuable corporate assets. We believe that income taxed in certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. statutory rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate over the medium to long term.We have agreed to reimburse Viavi for certain tax liabilities and related costs that may be incurred by Viavi, following application of net operating losses by Viavi, in the event that we implement this revised corporate structure. In addition, the implementation of such a structure has required us to incur expenses, and may require that we incur additional expenses, for which we may not realize related benefits, and in any event, we do not expect to materially realize such benefits for several years .If we put the intended structure into effect and it is not accepted by the applicable taxing authorities, if changes in domestic and international tax laws negatively impact the proposed structure, including proposed legislation to reform U.S. taxation of international business activities, or if we do not operate our business consistent with the proposed structure and applicable tax provisions, we may fail to achieve the financial and operational efficiencies that we anticipate as a result of the proposed structure, and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected.We are subject to risks arising from our international operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.We derive a majority of our revenue from our international operations, and we plan to continue expanding our business in international markets in the future. In addition, we have extensive international manufacturing capabilities with third party contract manufacturers, as well as our own international facilities, with employees engaged in R&amp;D, administration, manufacturing, support and sales and marketing activities.As a result of our international operations, we are affected by economic, business regulatory, social, and political conditions in foreign countries, including the following:&#8226;changes in general IT spending;&#8226;the imposition of government controls, inclusive of critical infrastructure protection;&#8226;changes or limitations in trade protection laws or other regulatory requirements, which may affect our ability to import or export our products from various countries;&#8226;varying and potentially conflicting laws and regulations;&#8226;fluctuations in local economies;&#8226;wage inflation or a tightening of the labor market&#8226;international political developments, such as Great Britain's recent vote to exit from the European Union; and&#8226;the impact of the following on service provider and government spending patterns: political considerations,           unfavorable changes in tax treaties or laws, natural disasters, epidemic disease, labor unrest, earnings expatriation restrictions, misappropriation of intellectual property, military actions, acts of terrorism, political and social unrest and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations.Any or all of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.15Table of ContentsMoreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from or conflict with those in the United States or other countries in which we operate. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. regulations applicable to us. There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, channel partners, and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and procedures, which are designed to ensure compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners, or agents could result in termination of our relationship, financial reporting problems, fines and/or penalties for us, or prohibition on the importation or exportation of our products, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.Our future operating results may be subject to volatility due to fluctuations in foreign currency.We are exposed to foreign exchange risks with regard to our operating expenses which may affect our operating results. Although we price our products primarily in U.S. dollars, a portion of our operating expenses are incurred in foreign currencies. If the value of the U.S. dollar depreciates relative to certain other foreign currencies, it would increase our costs as expressed in U.S. dollars. Conversely, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, such strengthening could raise the relative cost of our products to non-U.S. customers, especially as compared to foreign competitors, and could reduce demand.We intend to engage in currency hedging transactions to reduce our foreign exchange exposure. However, these transactions may not fully eliminate our risk and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.We are subject to continued changes in tax laws; the possible fluctuation of our effective tax rate over time could materially and adversely affect our operating results.We are subject to taxes in the United States and numerous international jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on current tax payments and our estimates of future tax payments, which may include reserves for estimates of probable settlements of international and domestic tax audits. At any one time, multiple tax years and jurisdictions are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. As a result, there could be ongoing variability in our tax rates as taxable events occur and uncertain tax positions are re-evaluated or resolved.Tax policy reform continues to be a topic of discussion in the United States and in the foreign jurisdictions in which we may conduct business. A significant change to the tax system in the United States or other foreign jurisdictions, including changes to the taxation of international income, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our effective tax rate in a given financial statements period may be materially impacted by changes in tax laws, changes in the mix and level of earnings by taxing jurisdiction, changes to existing accounting rules or regulations or by changes to our ownership or capital structures. Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate could materially and adversely affect our results of business, financial condition and operating results.
CONTENT_17:
We have taken certain preliminary steps to implement an international corporate structure more closely aligned with our international operations. This potential corporate structure is intended to reduce our overall effective tax rate through changes among our wholly-owned subsidiaries in how we use our intellectual property, and how we structure our international procurement and sales operations. The contemplated structure includes legal entities located in jurisdictions with income tax rates lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate. Such intercompany arrangements would be designed to result in income earned by such entities in accordance with arm&#8217;s-length principles and commensurate with functions performed, risks assumed and ownership of valuable corporate assets. We believe that income taxed in certain foreign jurisdictions at a lower rate relative to the U.S. statutory rate will have a beneficial impact on our worldwide effective tax rate over the medium to long term.We have agreed to reimburse Viavi for certain tax liabilities and related costs that may be incurred by Viavi, following application of net operating losses by Viavi, in the event that we implement this revised corporate structure. In addition, the implementation of such a structure has required us to incur expenses, and may require that we incur additional expenses, for which we may not realize related benefits, and in any event, we do not expect to materially realize such benefits for several years .If we put the intended structure into effect and it is not accepted by the applicable taxing authorities, if changes in domestic and international tax laws negatively impact the proposed structure, including proposed legislation to reform U.S. taxation of international business activities, or if we do not operate our business consistent with the proposed structure and applicable tax provisions, we may fail to achieve the financial and operational efficiencies that we anticipate as a result of the proposed structure, and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected.16Table of Contents
CONTENT_18:
Our future success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain the services of executive, engineering, sales and marketing, and support personnel. The supply of highly qualified individuals, in particular engineers in very specialized technical areas, or sales people specializing in the service provider, enterprise and commercial laser markets, is limited and competition for such individuals is intense. None of our officers or key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. The loss of the services of any of our key employees, the inability to attract or retain personnel in the future or delays in hiring required personnel and the complexity and time involved in replacing or training new employees, could delay the development and introduction of new products, and negatively impact our ability to market, sell, or support our products.
CONTENT_19:
We have made acquisitions of other businesses or technologies, including, most recently,&#160;Time-Bandwidth in January 2014, and we will continue to review acquisition opportunities.&#160;&#160;Such strategic transactions involve numerous risks, including the following:&#8226;diversion of management&#8217;s attention from normal daily operations of the business;&#8226;unforeseen expenses, delays or conditions imposed upon the acquisition, including due to required regulatory approvals or consents;&#8226;unanticipated changes in the combined business due to potential divestitures or other requirements imposed by antitrust regulators;&#8226;the ability to retain and obtain required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits;&#8226;difficulties and costs in integrating the operations, technologies, products, IT and other systems, facilities and personnel of the purchased businesses;&#8226;potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process R&amp;D;&#8226;an acquisition may not further our business strategy as we expected or we may overpay for, or otherwise not realize the expected return on, our investments;&#8226;insufficient net revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions;&#8226;potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; &#8226;difficulty forecasting revenues and margins;&#8226;dilution of our current stockholders as a result of any issuance of equity securities as acquisition consideration; &#8226;expenditure of cash that would otherwise be available to operate our business; and&#8226;incurrence of indebtedness on terms that are unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay. If we are unable to successfully manage any of these risks in relation to any future acquisitions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
CONTENT_20:
We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology infrastructure and our ability to expand and continually update this infrastructure in response to our changing needs. In some cases, we may rely upon third-party providers of hosting, support and other services to meet these needs. Any failure to manage, expand and update our information technology infrastructure, including our Enterprise Resource Planning (&#8220;ERP&#8221;) system and other applications, any failure in the extension implementation or operation of this infrastructure, or any failure by our hosting and support partners or other third-party service providers in the performance of their services could materially and adversely harm our business. Despite our implementation of security measures, our systems and those of our third-party service providers are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access and other similar disruptions. Any system failure, accident or security breach affecting us or our third-party providers could result in disruptions to our operations and loss of or unauthorized access or damage to our data or in inappropriate disclosure of confidential information.  Any actual or alleged disruption to, or security breach affecting, our systems or those of our third-party partners could cause significant damage to our reputation, result in legal obligations or liability, affect our relationships with our customers, and ultimately harm our business. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against or mitigate damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future.17Table of Contents
CONTENT_21:
Our business depends significantly on effective and efficient information systems. The information gathered and processed by our information management systems assists us in managing our supply chain and monitoring customer accounts, among other things. We have partnered with third parties to support our information technology systems and to help design, build, test, implement and maintain our information management systems. Our merger, acquisition and divestiture activity may also requires transitions to or from, and the integration of, various information management systems within our overall enterprise architecture.In 2015, we implemented a third-party information management system across our worldwide operations. Any disruptions resulting from the transition to this system or any failure in the operation or performance of this system could adversely affect our internal and disclosure controls and harm our business, including our ability to forecast or make sales, manage our supply chain and coordinate production. Moreover, such a disruption could result in unanticipated costs or expenditures and a diversion of management&#8217;s attention and resources.
CONTENT_22:
We seek to protect our products and product roadmaps in part by developing and/or securing proprietary rights relating to those products, including patents, trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation. The steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately prevent misappropriation or ensure that others will not develop competitive technologies or products. Other companies may be investigating or developing technologies that are similar to our own. It is possible that patents may not be issued from any of our pending applications or those we may file in the future and, if patents are issued, the claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to deter or prohibit others from making, using or selling products that are similar to ours, or such patents could be invalidated or ruled unenforceable. We do not own patents in every country in which we sell or distribute our products, and thus others may be able to offer identical products in countries where we do not have intellectual property protections. In addition, the laws of some territories in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold, including Europe, Asia-Pacific or Latin America, may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Any patents issued to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Additionally, we are currently a licensee for a number of third-party technologies including software and intellectual property rights from academic institutions, our competitors and others, and we are required to pay royalties to these licensors for the use thereof. In the future, if such licenses are unavailable or if we are unable to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to rely on such third-party technologies which could inhibit our development of new products, impede the sale of some of our current products, substantially increase the cost to provide these products to our customers, and could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results.We also seek to protect our important trademarks by endeavoring to register them in certain countries. We have not registered our trademarks in every country in which we sell or distribute our products, and thus others may be able to use the same or confusingly similar marks in countries where we do not have trademark registrations. We have adopted Lumentum as a house trademark and trade name for our company, and are in the process of establishing rights in this name and brand. We have also adopted the Lumentum logo as a house trademark for our company, and are in the process of establishing rights in this brand. The new brand are the subject of trademark applications in the United States or other jurisdictions, but the trademarks have not yet proceeded to registration. The efforts we take to register and protect trademarks, including the new brands, may not be sufficient or effective. Although we will seek to obtain trademark registrations for the new brands, it is possible we may not be able to protect our new brands through registration in one or more jurisdictions, for example, the applicable governmental authorities may not approve the registration. Furthermore, even if the applications are approved, third parties may seek to oppose or otherwise challenge registration. There is the possibility that, despite efforts, the scope of the protection obtained for our trademarks, including the new brands, will be insufficient or that a registration may be deemed invalid or unenforceable in one or more jurisdictions throughout the world.
CONTENT_23:
18Table of ContentsLawsuits and allegations of patent infringement and violation of other intellectual property rights occur regularly in our industry. We have in the past received, and anticipate that we will receive in the future, notices from third parties claiming that our products infringe upon their proprietary rights, with two distinct sources of such claims becoming increasingly prevalent. First, large technology companies, including some of our customers and competitors, are seeking to monetize their patent portfolios and have developed large internal organizations that may approach us with demands to enter into license agreements. Second, patent-holding companies that do not make or sell products (often referred to as &#8220;patent trolls&#8221;) may claim that our products infringe upon their proprietary rights. We respond to these claims in the course of our business operations. The litigation or settlement of these matters, regardless of the merit of the claims, could result in significant expense and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, regardless of whether or not we are successful. If we are unsuccessful, we could be required to expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or to obtain licenses to the technology that is the subject of the litigation. We may not be successful in such development, or such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Without such a license, or if we are the subject of an exclusionary order, our ability to make our products could be limited and we could be enjoined from future sales of the infringing product or products, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. Additionally, we often indemnify our customers against claims of infringement related to our products and may incur significant expenses to defend against such claims. If we are unsuccessful defending against such claims, we may be required to indemnify our customers against any damages awarded.We also face risks that third parties may assert trademark infringement claims against us in one or more jurisdictions throughout the world related to the new brand and/or other trademarks. The litigation or settlement of these matters, regardless of the merit of the claims, could result in significant expense and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, regardless of whether or not we are successful. If we are unsuccessful, trademark infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability or prevent us from selling some or all of our products or services under the challenged trademark. In addition, resolution of claims may require us to alter our products, labels or packaging, license rights from third parties, or cease using the challenged trademark altogether, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results.
CONTENT_24:
From time to time we have been, and in the future we may become, subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business. The results of legal proceedings are difficult to predict. Moreover, many of the complaints filed against us may not specify the amount of damages that plaintiffs seek, and we therefore may be unable to estimate the possible range of damages that might be incurred should these lawsuits be resolved against us. While we may be unable to estimate the potential damages arising from such lawsuits, certain of them assert types of claims that, if resolved against us, could give rise to substantial damages. Thus, an unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more of these lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Even if these lawsuits are not resolved against us, the uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved lawsuits could seriously harm our business, financial condition and reputation. Litigation is costly, time-consuming and disruptive to normal business operations. The costs of defending these lawsuits have been significant in the past, will continue to be costly and may not be covered by our insurance policies. The defense of these lawsuits could also result in continued diversion of our management&#8217;s time and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. For additional discussion regarding litigation, see &#8220;Part II, Item 1. Legal Proceedings.&#8221;
CONTENT_25:
We integrate licensed third-party technology into certain of our products. From time to time, we may be required to license additional technology from third-parties to develop new products or product enhancements. Third-party licenses may not be available or continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. The failure to comply with the terms of any license, including free open source software, may result in our inability to continue to use such license. Our inability to maintain or re-license any third-party licenses required in our products or our inability to obtain third-party licenses necessary to develop new products and product enhancements, could potentially require us to develop substitute technology or obtain substitute technology of lower quality or performance standards or at a greater cost, any of which could delay or prevent product shipment and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.19Table of Contents
CONTENT_26:
Our operations and our products are subject to various federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, including those governing pollution and protection of human health and the environment in the jurisdictions in which we operate or sell our products.&#160; These laws and regulations govern, among other things, wastewater discharges and the handling and disposal of hazardous materials in our products.&#160; Our failure to comply with current and future environmental or health or safety requirements could cause us to incur substantial costs, including significant capital expenditures, to comply with such environmental laws and regulations and to clean up contaminated properties that we own or operate. Such clean-up or compliance obligations could result in disruptions to our operations. Additionally, if we are found to be in violation of these laws, we could be subject to governmental fines or civil liability for damages resulting from such violations. These costs could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or operating results.From time to time new regulations are enacted, and it is difficult to anticipate how such regulations will be implemented and enforced. We continue to evaluate the necessary steps for compliance with regulations as they are enacted. These regulations include, for example, the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (&#8220;REACH&#8221;), the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive (&#8220;RoHS&#8221;) and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive (&#8220;WEEE&#8221;) enacted in the European Union which regulate the use of certain hazardous substances in, and require the collection, reuse and recycling of waste from, certain products we manufacture. These regulations and similar legislation may require us to re-design our products to ensure compliance with the applicable standards, for example by requiring the use of different types of materials, which could have an adverse impact on the performance of our products, add greater testing lead-times for product introductions or other similar effects. We believe we comply with all such legislation where our products are sold and we continuously monitor these laws and the regulations being adopted under them to determine our responsibilities.In addition, pursuant to Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the SEC has promulgated rules requiring disclosure regarding the use of certain &#8220;conflict minerals&#8221;  that are mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries and procedures regarding a manufacturer&#8217;s efforts to prevent the sourcing of such minerals. Complying with these disclosure requirements involves substantial diligence efforts to determine the source of any conflict minerals used in our products and may require third-party auditing of our diligence process.  These efforts may demand internal resources that would otherwise be directed towards operations activities.Since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the conflict minerals used in our products. Additionally, if we are unable to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products are determined to be conflict free, they may choose a competitor&#8217;s products which could materially impact our financial condition and operating results.Additionally, we are subject to laws and regulations with respect to personal data we collect from our employees, customers, and others.  These laws and regulations are subject to frequent modifications and updates and require ongoing supervision.  For example, the European Union recently adopted a General Data Protection Regulation, effective in May 2018, that will establish new, and in some cases more stringent, requirements for data protection in Europe.  We may be required to modify our practices in order to comply with these or other requirements, which may require us to incur costs and expenses, and we may face difficulties in complying with all privacy and data protection legal requirements that apply to us now or in the future.Our failure to comply with any of the foregoing legal and regulatory requirements could result in increased costs for our products, monetary penalties, damages to our reputation, government inquiries and investigations, and legal action. Furthermore, the legal and regulatory requirements that are applicable to our business are subject to change from time to time, which increases our monitoring and compliance costs and the risk that we may fall out of compliance. Additionally, we may be required to ensure that our suppliers comply with such laws and regulations.  If we or our suppliers fail to comply with such laws or regulations, we could face sanctions for such noncompliance, and our customers may refuse to purchase our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
CONTENT_27:
Exports of certain of our products are subject to export controls imposed by the U.S. government and administered by the U.S. Departments of State and Commerce. In certain instances, these regulations may require pre-shipment authorization from the administering department. For products subject to the Export Administration Regulations (&#8220;EAR&#8221;) administered by the Department of Commerce&#8217;s Bureau of Industry and Security, the requirement for a license is dependent on the type and end use of the product, the final destination, the identity of the end user and whether a license exception might apply. Virtually all exports of products subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (&#8220;ITAR&#8221;) administered by the Department of State&#8217;s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, require a license. Certain of our fiber optics products are subject to EAR and certain of our RF-over-fiber products, 20Table of Contentsas well as certain products and technical data, are developed with government funding, are currently subject to ITAR. Products and the associated technical data developed and manufactured in our foreign locations are subject to export controls of the applicable foreign nation.Given the current global political climate, obtaining export licenses can be difficult and time-consuming. Failure to obtain export licenses for these shipments could significantly reduce our revenue and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Compliance with U.S. Government regulations also subjects us to additional fees and costs. The absence of comparable restrictions on competitors in other countries may adversely affect our competitive position.
CONTENT_28:
Spending on optical communication and laser products is subject to cyclical and uneven fluctuations, which could cause our financial results to fluctuate unevenly and unpredictably. It can be difficult to predict the degree to which end-customer demand and the seasonality and uneven sales patterns of our OEM partners or other customers will affect our business in the future, particularly as we release new or enhanced products. While our fiscal quarters are typically stronger, future buying patterns may differ from historical seasonality. If the mix of revenue changes, it may also cause results to differ from historical seasonality. Accordingly, our quarterly and annual revenues, operating results, cash flows, and other financial and operating metrics may vary significantly in the future, and the results of any prior periods should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance.
CONTENT_29:

CONTENT_30:
The historical information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers in part to our business as operated by and integrated with Viavi. Our historical financial information through July&#160;31, 2015 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of Viavi. Accordingly, such historical financial information does not necessarily reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company during the periods presented or those that we will achieve in the future primarily as a result of the factors described below.&#8226;Prior to the Separation, our business was operated by Viavi as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent company. Viavi or one of its affiliates performed various corporate functions for our business such as legal, treasury, accounting, auditing, human resources, finance and other corporate functions. Our historical financial results reflect allocations of corporate expenses from Viavi for such functions, which are likely to be less than our actual operating expenses for these functions following the Separation.&#8226;Our business was integrated with the other businesses of Viavi. Historically, we shared economies of scale in costs, employees, vendor and customer relationships. We will need to enter into new arrangements with certain vendors which may result in us paying higher charges than in the past for these services. This could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.&#8226;Our working capital requirements and capital for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and capital expenditures, were historically satisfied as part of the corporate-wide cash management policies of Viavi. We may need to obtain additional financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, strategic relationships or other arrangements.&#8226;The cost of capital for our business following the Separation may be higher than Viavi&#8217;s cost of capital prior to the Separation.Other significant changes may occur in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of operating as a company separate from Viavi. For additional information about the past financial performance of our business and the basis of presentation of the historical consolidated financial statements, see &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; and the historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
CONTENT_31:

CONTENT_32:

CONTENT_33:

CONTENT_34:
We have received a private letter ruling from the IRS (the &#8220;IRS Ruling&#8221;), to the effect that the retention by Viavi of 19.9%&#32;of our common stock will not be deemed to be pursuant to a plan having as one of its principal purposes the avoidance of U.S. federal income tax within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(D)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;). Notwithstanding the IRS Ruling, the IRS could determine on audit that the retention of our common stock was pursuant to a plan having as one of its principal purposes the avoidance of U.S. federal income tax if it determines that any of the facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings that we or Viavi have made or provided to the IRS are not correct. If the retention is deemed to be pursuant to a plan having as one of its principal purposes the avoidance of U.S. federal income tax, then the distribution could ultimately be determined to be taxable.&#160;&#160;In addition, Viavi also received a written opinion of PwC, its tax advisor, to the effect that the distribution, together with certain related transactions necessary to effectuate the distribution, should qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss under Sections&#160;368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Code. The opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or any court will not take a contrary position.&#160;&#160;If the distribution were determined not to qualify for non-recognition of gain and loss, then Viavi would recognize gain in an amount up to the fair market value of our common stock held by it immediately before the distribution, over its tax basis in our stock immediately before the distribution.If, due to any of our representations being untrue or our covenants being breached, it were determined that the distribution did not qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss under Section&#160;355 of the Code, we could be required to indemnify Viavi for the resulting taxes and related expenses. The indemnification obligation is not expected to be material because Viavi is expected to have a fair market value or substantially stepped-up tax basis in our shares immediately prior to the Separation. If, contrary to our expectation, it were determined that Viavi did not have a fair market value or substantially stepped-up tax basis in our shares, any such indemnification obligation could materially and adversely affect our financial condition.In addition, Section&#160;355(e) of the Code generally creates a presumption that the distribution would be taxable to Viavi, but not to stockholders, if we or our stockholders were to engage in transactions that result in a 50% or greater change by vote or value in the ownership of our stock during the four-year period beginning on the date that begins two years before the date of the distribution, unless it were established that such transactions and the distribution were not part of a plan or series of related transactions giving effect to such a change in ownership. If the distribution were taxable to Viavi due to such a 50% or greater change in ownership of our stock, Viavi would recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of our common stock held by it immediately before the distribution over its tax basis in such stock, and we generally would be required to indemnify Viavi for the tax on such gain and related expenses. The indemnification obligation is not expected to be material because Viavi is expected to have a fair market value or substantially stepped-up tax basis in our shares immediately prior to the Separation. If, contrary to our expectation, it were determined that Viavi did not have a fair market value or substantially stepped-up tax basis in our shares, any such indemnification obligation could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
CONTENT_35:
We have entered into a tax matters agreement under which we will be subject to certain covenants and indemnification obligations that address compliance with Section&#160;355(e) of the Code. These covenants and indemnification obligations may limit our ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new businesses or other transactions that may maximize the value of our business, and might discourage or delay a strategic transaction that our stockholders may consider favorable.
CONTENT_36:

CONTENT_37:

CONTENT_38:
We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market ("NASDAQ"). We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources.The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight.Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of our management evaluations that are required to include in our periodic reports filed with the SEC and the independent registered public accounting firm audits of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on NASDAQ.Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to audit the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after we are no longer an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221;. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed or operating.Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could have a material and adverse effect on our business and operating results, and cause a decline in the price of our common stock.25Table of Contents
CONTENT_39:

CONTENT_40:
Our common stock is listed on NASDAQ under the symbol &#8220;LITE.&#8221; The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including:&#8226;actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;&#8226;changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates;&#8226;the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies;&#8226;a shift in our investor base;&#8226;our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry;&#8226;success or failure of our business strategy;&#8226;credit market fluctuations which could negatively impact our ability to obtain financing as needed;&#8226;changes to the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate;&#8226;announcements by us, competitors, customers, or our contract manufacturers of significant acquisitions or dispositions;&#8226;investor perception of us and our industry;&#8226;changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles;&#8226;Litigation or disputes in which we may become involved;&#8226;overall market fluctuations; sales of our shares by our officers, directors, or significant stockholders; &#8226;the timing and amount of dividends and share repurchases, if any; and&#8226;general economic and market conditions and other external factors.In addition, the stock markets, and in particular the market on which our common stock is listed, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. Stock prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
CONTENT_41:
Any sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market or the perception that such sales might occur may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Our issued and outstanding shares of common stock can be freely tradable without restriction or registration under the Securities Act, unless the shares are owned by one of our &#8220;affiliates,&#8221; as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act, which may include Viavi as discussed below. We are unable to predict whether large amounts of our common stock will be sold in the open market.26Table of ContentsFollowing the Separation, Viavi retained 11.7 million shares of our common stock, representing an ownership interest of 19.9% of our total shares outstanding.&#160;&#160;As of July 31, 2016, Viavi held a total of 5.0 million shares of our common stock.  Pursuant to a stockholder&#8217;s and registration rights agreement with Viavi, Viavi will be required to vote such shares in proportion to the votes cast by our other stockholders. In order to not jeopardize the tax-free status of the distribution, Viavi is required to dispose of such retained shares of our common stock that it owns as soon as practicable and consistent with its reasons for retaining such shares, but in no event later than three&#160;years after the distribution. Pursuant to the stockholder&#8217;s and registration rights agreement, upon the request of Viavi, we will effect the registration under applicable securities laws of the shares of common stock retained by Viavi. Subject to limited exceptions, we do not have the right to prevent or delay the sale of our shares by Viavi pursuant to the stockholder&#8217;s and registration right agreement. Any disposition by Viavi, or any significant stockholder, of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such dispositions could occur, could materially increase the volatility of our stock price and adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock.
CONTENT_42:
We do not currently expect to pay dividends on our common stock. The payment of any dividends to our stockholders in the future, and the timing and amount thereof, if any is within the discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors&#8217; decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, potential debt service obligations or restrictive covenants, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant.In addition, because we are a holding company with no material direct operations, we are dependent on loans, dividends and other payments from our operating subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to pay dividends on our common stock. However, our operating subsidiaries&#8217; ability to make such distributions will be subject to their operating results, cash requirements and financial condition and the applicable provisions of Delaware law that may limit the amount of funds available for distribution. Our ability to pay cash dividends may also be subject to covenants and financial ratios related to existing or future indebtedness, and other agreements with third parties.
CONTENT_43:

CONTENT_44:

CONTENT_45:
Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the state or federal courts of Delaware are the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting breach of fiduciary duty, or other wrongdoing, by our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; any action asserting a claim against Lumentum pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; any action asserting a claim against Lumentum governed by the internal affairs doctrine; or any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws.&#160;&#160;This exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us or our directors and officers.Alternatively, if a court outside of Delaware were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.<div
