HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS 
HEADER_2:
You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this information statements in evaluating us and our common stock. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. The risk factors generally have been separated into three groups: risks related to our business, risks related to the Separation and risks related to our common stock.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_4:
Changing technology and intense competition require us to continuously innovate while controlling product costs, and our failure to do so may result in decreased revenues and profitability. 
HEADER_5:
Continued competition in our markets may lead to an accelerated reduction in our prices, revenues and market share.
HEADER_6:
Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions.
HEADER_7:
The manufacture of our products may be adversely affected if our contract manufacturers and suppliers fail to meet our production requirements or if we are unable to manufacture certain products in our manufacturing facilities.
HEADER_8:
We depend on a limited number of suppliers for raw materials, packages and components, and any failure or delay by these suppliers in meeting our requirements could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
HEADER_9:
We rely on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our sales; and the majority of our customers do not have contractual purchase commitments.
HEADER_10:
We contract with a number of large OEM and end-user service providers that have considerable bargaining power, which may require us to agree to terms and conditions that could have an adverse effect on our business or ability to recognize revenues.
HEADER_11:
Our products may contain defects that may cause us to incur significant costs, divert our attention from product development efforts and result in a loss of customers.
HEADER_12:
We are subject to continued changes in tax laws; the possible fluctuation of our effective tax rate over time could materially and adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_13:
We may change our international corporate structure in the near future in order to minimize our effective tax rate; however, if we are unable to adopt this structure or if it is challenged by U.S. or foreign tax authorities, we may be unable to realize such tax savings which could materially and adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_14:
We are subject to risks arising from our international operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
HEADER_15:
Our future operating results may be subject to volatility due to fluctuations in foreign currency.
HEADER_16:
We are subject to continued changes in tax laws; the possible fluctuation of our effective tax rate over time could materially and adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_17:
We expect to change our international corporate structure in the near future in order to minimize our effective tax rate; however, if we are unable to adopt this structure or if it is challenged by U.S. or foreign tax authorities, we may be unable to realize such tax savings which could materially and adversely affect our operating results.
HEADER_18:
Our ability to develop, market, and sell products could be harmed if we are unable to retain or hire key personnel.
HEADER_19:
We face a number of risks related to our strategic transactions.
HEADER_20:
Our business and operations would be adversely impacted in the event of a failure of our information technology infrastructure.
HEADER_21:
Our business and operations may be adversely affected if we fail to adequately implement and maintain our information management systems.
HEADER_22:
If we have insufficient proprietary rights or if we fail to protect our rights, our business would be materially harmed.
HEADER_23:
Our products may be subject to claims that they infringe the intellectual property rights of others, the resolution of which may be time-consuming and expensive, as well as require a significant amount of resources to prosecute, defend, or make our products non-infringing.
HEADER_24:
We face certain litigation risks that could harm our business.
HEADER_25:
Our products incorporate and rely upon licensed third-party technology, and if licenses of third-party technology do not continue to be available to us or are not available on terms acceptable to us, our revenues and ability to develop and introduce new products could be adversely affected.
HEADER_26:
We are subject to laws and other regulations worldwide including with respect to environmental matters, securities laws, privacy and personal data collection compliance with which could increase our expenses and harm our operating results.
HEADER_27:
Our sales may decline if we are unable to obtain government authorization to export certain of our products, and we may be subject to legal and regulatory consequences if we do not comply with applicable export control laws and regulations.
HEADER_28:
Our revenues, operating results, and cash flows may fluctuate from period to period due to a number of factors, which makes predicting financial results difficult.
HEADER_29:
Risks Related to the Separation and Our Operation as an Independent Public Company
HEADER_30:
We have a limited history of operating as an independent company, and our pre-Separation financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results.
HEADER_31:
Potential indemnification liabilities to Viavi pursuant to the Separation agreement could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
HEADER_32:
In connection with the Separation, Viavi has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. However, there can be no assurance that the indemnity will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that Viavi’s ability to satisfy its indemnification obligation will not be impaired in the future.
HEADER_33:
We have sought to characterize Viavi’s contribution of the CCOP segment and WaveReady product lines to us as a taxable transaction.  If tax authorities were to take the position that this contribution is not a taxable transaction, then we may face greater than expected income tax liabilities, which would negatively impact our operating results.
HEADER_34:
We could have an indemnification obligation to Viavi if the distribution were determined not to qualify for non-recognition treatment, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition.
HEADER_35:
We have agreed to restrictions to preserve the non-recognition treatment of the distribution, which may reduce our strategic and operating flexibility.
HEADER_36:
The Separation may expose us to potential liabilities and business complications arising out of state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws and legal dividend requirements.
HEADER_37:
We are an “emerging growth company” and cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to “emerging growth companies” will make our common stock less attractive to investors.
HEADER_38:
If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired.
HEADER_39:
Risks Related to Our Common Stock
HEADER_40:
Our stock price may be volatile and may decline regardless of our operating performance.
HEADER_41:
Sales of a substantial amount of shares by our stockholders, including the sale by Viavi of the shares of our common stock that it retained after the distribution, could materially increase the volatility of our stock price and may cause our stock price to decline.
HEADER_42:
We do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock.
HEADER_43:
The obligations of Lumentum Inc. to holders of its Series A Preferred Stock could have a negative impact on holders of our common stock.
HEADER_44:
Certain provisions in our charter and Delaware corporate law could hinder a takeover attempt.
HEADER_45:
Our bylaws designate Delaware courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could discourage lawsuits against us or our directors and officers.
