HEADER_1:
Adverse global economic conditions and credit market uncertainty could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
HEADER_2:
Integrating SanDisk’s operations with ours may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and the anticipated benefits, synergies and cost savings of the Merger may not be realized. 
HEADER_3:
The incurrence of substantial indebtedness in connection with the financing of the Merger may have an adverse impact on our liquidity, limit our flexibility in responding to other business opportunities and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. 
HEADER_4:
If we are unable to successfully integrate the business and operations of HGST, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
HEADER_5:
We participate in a highly competitive industry that is subject to declining average selling prices (“ASPs”), volatile gross margins and significant shifts in market share, all of which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
HEADER_6:
Our failure to accurately forecast market and customer demand for our products, or to quickly adjust to forecast changes, could adversely affect our business and financial results or operating efficiencies. 
HEADER_7:
We experience significant sales seasonality and cyclicality, which could cause our operating results to fluctuate. 
HEADER_8:
Our sales to the CE, cloud computing, network attached storage (NAS), surveillance systems and enterprise markets, which have accounted for and may continue accounting for an increasing percentage of our overall revenue, may grow at a slower rate than current estimates or not at all, which could materially adversely impact our operating results and financial condition. 
HEADER_9:
Adverse global economic conditions and credit market uncertainty could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition
HEADER_10:
Deterioration in the PC market may continue or accelerate, which could cause our operating results to suffer. 
HEADER_11:
Selling to the retail market is an important part of our business, and if we fail to maintain and grow our market share or gain market acceptance of our branded products, our operating results could suffer. 
HEADER_12:
Sales in the distribution channel are important to our business, and if we fail to respond to demand changes in distribution markets or if distribution markets for our products weaken, our operating results could suffer. 
HEADER_13:
Loss of market share with or by a key customer, or consolidation among our customer base, could harm our operating results. 
HEADER_14:
Expansion into new markets may increase the complexity of our business, cause us to increase our R&D expenses to develop new products and technologies or cause our capital expenditures to increase, and if we are unable to successfully adapt our business processes and product offerings as required by these new markets, our ability to grow will be adversely affected. 
HEADER_15:
Our vertical integration of recording head and magnetic media manufacturing makes us dependent on our ability to timely and cost-effectively develop recording heads and magnetic media with leading technology and overall quality, increasing capital expenditure costs and asset utilization risks for our business. 
HEADER_16:
We make significant investments in R&D to improve our technology and develop new technologies, and unsuccessful investments or investments that are not cost effective could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
HEADER_17:
Current or future competitors may gain a technology advantage or develop an advantageous cost structure that we cannot match. 
HEADER_18:
Consolidation within the data storage industry could provide competitive advantages to our competitors. 
HEADER_19:
Some of our competitors with diversified business units outside of storage products, may, over extended periods of time, sell storage products at prices that we cannot profitably match. 
HEADER_20:
If we fail to qualify our products and achieve design wins with our customers, it may have a significant adverse impact on our sales and margins. 
HEADER_21:
We are subject to risks related to product defects or the unintended use or security breaches of our products, which could result in product recalls or epidemic failures and could subject us to warranty claims in excess of our warranty provisions or which are greater than anticipated, litigation or indemnification claims. 
HEADER_22:
We rely substantially on our business ventures and strategic partnerships with Toshiba for the supply of NAND flash memory, which subjects us to risks and uncertainties that could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
HEADER_23:
Our strategic relationships subject us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
HEADER_24:
Because we are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers for components, sub-assemblies, equipment, consumables, raw materials, and logistics, a supplier’s inability, unwillingness, or failure to support us in a timely manner with goods or services at a quality level and cost acceptable to us can adversely affect our margins, revenues and operating results,
HEADER_25:
Because we are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers for components, sub-assemblies, testing, equipment, consumables, raw materials, and logistics, a supplier’s inability, unwillingness, or failure to support us in a timely manner with goods or services at a quality level and cost acceptable to us can adversely affect our margins, revenues and operating results. 
HEADER_26:
A fundamental change in storage technologies and standards could result in significant increases in our costs and could put us at a competitive disadvantage,” “If we do not properly manage technology transitions, our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively affected,” and “We rely substantially on our business ventures and strategic partnerships with Toshiba for the supply of NAND flash memory, which subjects us to risks and uncertainties that could harm our business, financial condition and operating results” 
HEADER_27:
Price volatility, shortages of critical materials or components, or use by other industries of materials and components used in the storage industry, may negatively impact our operating results. 
HEADER_28:
Contractual commitments with component suppliers may result in us paying increased charges and cash advances for such components or may cause us to have inadequate or excess component inventory. 
HEADER_29:
If we do not properly manage technology transitions, our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively affected. 
HEADER_30:
Changes in product life cycles could adversely affect our financial results. 
HEADER_31:
A fundamental change in storage technologies and standards could result in significant increases in our costs and could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 
HEADER_32:
The difficulty of introducing hard drives with higher levels of areal density and the challenges of reducing other costs may impact our ability to achieve historical levels of cost reduction. 
HEADER_33:
Our license and royalty revenue may fluctuate or decline significantly in the future due to license agreement expirations or renewals, declines in sales of the products or use of technology underlying the license and royalty revenue by our licensees, or if licensees fail to perform on a portion or all of their contractual obligations. 
HEADER_34:
If we do not properly manage new product development, our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively affected. 
HEADER_35:
Our operations, and those of certain of our suppliers and customers, are concentrated in large, purpose-built facilities, subjecting us to substantial risk of damage or loss if operations at any of these facilities are disrupted. 
HEADER_36:
Manufacturing, marketing and selling our products globally subjects us to numerous risks. 
HEADER_37:
Terrorist attacks may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
HEADER_38:
Sudden disruptions to the availability of air transportation, or ocean or land freight lanes, could have an impact on our operations. 
HEADER_39:
If our technology infrastructure, systems or products are compromised, damaged or interrupted by cyber attacks, data security breaches, other security problems, security vulnerabilities or design defects, or sustain system failures, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
HEADER_40:
If we fail to identify, manage, complete and integrate acquisitions, investment opportunities or other significant transactions, which are a key part of our growth strategy, it may adversely affect our future results. 
HEADER_41:
The loss of our key executive management, staff and skilled employees, the inability to hire and integrate new employees or decisions to realign our business could negatively impact our business prospects. 
HEADER_42:
We and certain of our officers are at times involved in litigation, including IP, antitrust and securities litigation, which may be costly, may divert the efforts of our key personnel and could result in adverse court rulings, which could materially harm our business. 
HEADER_43:
We are subject to laws, rules, and regulations in the U.S. and other countries relating to the collection, use, sharing, and security of third-party data including personal data, and our failure to comply with these laws, rules and regulations could subject us to proceedings by governmental entities or others and cause us to incur penalties, significant legal liability, or loss of customers, loss of revenue, and reputational harm
HEADER_44:
The nature of our industry and its reliance on IP and other proprietary information subjects us and our suppliers, customers and partners to the risk of significant litigation. 
HEADER_45:
Our reliance on IP and other proprietary information subjects us to the risk that these key ingredients of our business could be copied by competitors. 
HEADER_46:
The costs of compliance with state, federal and international legal and regulatory requirements, such as environmental, labor, trade, health, safety, anti-corruption and tax regulations, customers’ standards of corporate citizenship, and industry and coalition standards, such as those established by the Electronics Industry Citizenship Coalition, could cause an increase in our operating costs. 
HEADER_47:
Conflict minerals regulations may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain components and metals contained in our products.
HEADER_48:
Violation of applicable laws, including labor or environmental laws, and certain other practices by our suppliers, customers or partners could harm our business. 
HEADER_49:
Because of high debt levels, we may not be able to service our debt obligations in accordance with their terms. 
HEADER_50:
The terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to pursue our business strategies, and could adversely affect our capital resources, financial condition and liquidity.
HEADER_51:
Flash Ventures’ equipment lease agreements contain covenants and other cancellation events, and cancellation of the leases would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
HEADER_52:
Any decisions to reduce or discontinue paying cash dividends to our shareholders could cause the market price for our common stock to decline. 
HEADER_53:
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations may negatively affect our operating results. 
HEADER_54:
Increases in our customers’ credit risk could result in credit losses and term extensions under existing contracts with customers with credit losses could result in an increase in our operating costs. 
HEADER_55:
Our operating results fluctuate, sometimes significantly, from period to period due to many factors, which may result in a significant decline in our stock price. 
HEADER_56:
We have made and continue to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to our consolidated financial reporting, and actual results may differ significantly from our estimates and assumptions. 
HEADER_57:
The market price of our common stock is volatile. 
HEADER_58:
The resale of shares of common stock issued to Hitachi in connection with our acquisition of HGST could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
HEADER_59:
Our cash balances and investment portfolio are subject to various risks, any of which could adversely impact our financial position. 
HEADER_60:
If our internal controls are found to be ineffective, our stock price may be adversely affected. 
HEADER_61:
From time to time we may become subject to income tax examinations or similar proceedings, and as a result we may incur additional costs and expenses or owe additional taxes, interest and penalties that may negatively impact our operating results. 
HEADER_62:
We are subject to risks associated with loss or non-renewal of favorable tax treatment under agreements or treaties with foreign tax authorities.
HEADER_63:
Changes in tax laws could increase our worldwide tax rate and materially affect our financial position and results of operations.
