HEADER_1:
Item 1A. Risk Factors
HEADER_2:
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the sections below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock.
HEADER_3:
Risks Related to Our Business
HEADER_4:
Uncertainty in the global economy in general, and any potential downturn in the semiconductor and electronics industries in particular, may negatively impact our business and reduce our bookings levels and revenue.
HEADER_5:
Customer consolidation could affect our operating results.
HEADER_6:
Our failure to respond quickly to technological developments or customers’ increasing technological requirements could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete.
HEADER_7:
Competitive pressures may require us to reduce our pricing, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
HEADER_8:
Our System Design Enablement strategy requires the development or acquisition of products and expertise in new areas of technology. Our inability to develop or acquire these capabilities could impede our ability to address the technical requirements in technology segments which are expected to contribute to our growth.
HEADER_9:
We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected  by the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation and prototyping hardware and IP products.
HEADER_10:
We have acquired and expect to acquire other companies and businesses and may not realize the expected benefits of these acquisitions.
HEADER_11:
We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development efforts for new and existing products and technologies and technical sales support. Such investments may affect our operating results, and, if the return on these investments is lower or develops more slowly than we expect, our revenue and operating results may suffer.
HEADER_12:
The competition in our industries is substantial, and we may not be able to continue to successfully compete in our industries.
HEADER_13:
The effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely impact our revenue, expenses, cash flows and financial condition. 
HEADER_14:
Our operating results could be adversely affected by an increase in our effective tax rate as a result of tax law changes, outcomes of current or future tax examinations, or by material differences between our forecasted and actual effective tax rates.
HEADER_15:
Tax laws, regulations, and enforcement practices are evolving and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
HEADER_16:
Our stock price has been subject to fluctuations and may continue to be subject to fluctuations.
HEADER_17:
Our future revenue is dependent in part upon our installed customer base continuing to license or buy products and purchase services.
HEADER_18:
We could suffer serious harm to our business because of the infringement of our intellectual property rights by third parties or because of our infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties.
HEADER_19:
If our security measures are breached, and an unauthorized party obtains access to customer data or our proprietary business information, our information systems may be perceived as being unsecure, which could harm our business and reputation.
HEADER_20:
Risks associated with our international operations could adversely impact our financial condition.
HEADER_21:
We depend upon our management team and key employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate and retain management and key employees may make us less competitive and therefore harm our results of operations.
HEADER_22:
We rely on our proprietary technology, as well as software and other intellectual property rights licensed to us by third parties, and we cannot assure you that the precautions taken to protect our rights will be adequate or that we will continue to be able to adequately secure such intellectual property rights from third parties.
HEADER_23:
We have substantial cash requirements in the United States, but a significant portion of our cash is held and generated outside of the United States, and if our cash available in the United States and the cash available under our revolving credit facility are insufficient to meet our operating expenses and debt repayment obligations in the United States, then we may be required to raise cash in ways that could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our common stock.
HEADER_24:
Litigation could adversely affect our financial condition or operations.
HEADER_25:
Errors or defects in our products and services could expose us to liability and harm our business.
HEADER_26:
Our operating results and revenue could be adversely affected by customer payment delays, customer bankruptcies and defaults or modifications of licenses.
HEADER_27:
The long sales cycle of our products and services may cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly.
HEADER_28:
Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in United States generally accepted accounting principles, and we may incur significant costs to adjust our accounting systems and processes to comply with significant changes.
HEADER_29:
Our restructuring plans may not result in the benefits we have anticipated, possibly having a negative effect on our future operating results. 
HEADER_30:
Failure to obtain export licenses could harm our business by rendering us unable to ship products and transfer our technology outside of the United States.
HEADER_31:
If we become subject to unfair hiring claims, we could be prevented from hiring needed employees, incur liability for damages and incur substantial costs in defending ourselves.
HEADER_32:
Anti-takeover defenses in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and certain provisions under Delaware law could prevent an acquisition of our company or limit the price that investors might be willing to pay for our common stock.
HEADER_33:
The investment of our cash in money market funds is subject to risks that may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.
HEADER_34:
We depend on sole suppliers for certain hardware components and contract manufacturers for production of our emulation and prototyping hardware products, making us vulnerable to supply disruption and price fluctuation.
HEADER_35:
We are subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations that impact compliance costs and risks of noncompliance.
HEADER_36:
Conflict minerals regulations may cause us to continue to incur additional expenses and may adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. 
HEADER_37:
Our business is subject to the risk of earthquakes and other natural disasters.
HEADER_38:
Risks Related to Our Securities and Indebtedness
HEADER_39:
Our debt obligations expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition, and could prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under such indebtedness.
HEADER_40:
At the option of the holders of our outstanding notes, we may, under certain circumstances, be required to repurchase such notes.
HEADER_41:
The terms of the agreements governing our revolving credit facility and 2019 Term Loan and the indenture governing our 2024 Notes restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions.
HEADER_42:
We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
HEADER_43:
Despite our current level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described above.
HEADER_44:
Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly.
HEADER_45:
Various factors could increase our future borrowing costs or reduce our access to capital, including a lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our 2024 Notes by rating agencies.
