HEADER_1:
ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS
HEADER_2:
Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in other documents we file with the SEC, are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, past financial performance should not be considered as a reliable indicator of future performance and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of such risks and uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could differ materially from the plans, projections and other forward-looking statements included in the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings.
HEADER_3:
Our quarterly results may vary significantly from period to period, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below investor or analyst expectations.
HEADER_4:
Any delays in the development and introduction of our new products or in releasing enhancements to our existing products may harm our business.
HEADER_5:
Increased consolidation among our customers in the communications networking industry has and could continue to adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_6:
Our ability to increase our revenue will depend upon continued growth of demand by consumers and businesses for additional network capacity and on the level and timing of capital spending by our customers.
HEADER_7:
Actions that we are taking to restructure our business to cut costs to align our operating structure with current opportunities may not be as effective as anticipated.
HEADER_8:
We are dependent on a small number of key customers for a significant portion of our revenue from period to period and the loss of, or a significant reduction in, orders from one or more of our key customers would reduce our revenue and harm our operating results.
HEADER_9:
Our gross margin may fluctuate from period to period and may be adversely affected by a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
HEADER_10:
Aggressive business tactics by our competitors may harm our business.
HEADER_11:
If we lose key personnel or fail to attract and retain additional qualified personnel when needed, our business may be harmed.
HEADER_12:
The markets in which we compete are highly competitive and we may not be able to compete effectively.
HEADER_13:
We must respond to rapid technological change and comply with evolving industry standards and requirements for our products to be successful.
HEADER_14:
The manufacturing process for our PICs is very complex and the partial or complete loss of our manufacturing facilities, or a reduction in yields or an inability to scale capacity to meet customer demands could harm our business.
HEADER_15:
Our large customers have substantial negotiating leverage, which may cause us to agree to terms and conditions that result in decreased revenue due to lower average selling prices and potentially increased cost of sales leading to lower gross margin, all of which would harm our operating results.
HEADER_16:
We are dependent on sole source and limited source suppliers for several key components, and if we fail to obtain these components on a timely basis, we will not meet our customers’ product delivery requirements.
HEADER_17:
If we fail to accurately forecast our manufacturing requirements or customer demand, we could incur additional costs, including inventory write-downs or equipment write-offs, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_18:
If our contract manufacturers do not perform as we expect, our business may be harmed.
HEADER_19:
Our sales cycle can be long and unpredictable, which could result in an unexpected revenue shortfall in any given quarter.
HEADER_20:
Product performance problems, including undetected errors in our hardware or software, or deployment delays could harm our business and reputation.
HEADER_21:
If we need additional capital in the future, it may not be available to us on favorable terms, or at all.
HEADER_22:
Our debt obligations may adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital and will be a burden on our future cash resources, particularly upon settlement of any conversions of the Notes or upon maturity or required repurchase of the Notes
HEADER_23:
The fundamental change provisions of the Notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of us.
HEADER_24:
Changes in accounting principles may cause previously unanticipated fluctuations in our financial results, and the implementation of such changes may impact our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations.
HEADER_25:
If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed or we could incur significant expense to enforce our rights.
HEADER_26:
Claims by others that we infringe their intellectual property could harm our business.
HEADER_27:
The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and is likely to be volatile in the future.
HEADER_28:
Unfavorable macroeconomic and market conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and financial results.
HEADER_29:
Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that may harm our operating results.
HEADER_30:
We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
HEADER_31:
Our effective tax rate may increase or fluctuate, which could increase our income tax expense and reduce our net income.
HEADER_32:
If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected.
HEADER_33:
Any acquisitions we make could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and operations.
HEADER_34:
Unforeseen health, safety and environmental costs could harm our business.
HEADER_35:
We are subject to governmental regulations that could adversely affect our business.
HEADER_36:
Natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events could harm our operations.
HEADER_37:
Security incidents, such as data breaches and cyber-attacks, could compromise our intellectual property and proprietary or confidential information and cause significant damage to our business and reputation.
HEADER_38:
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect the trading price of our common stock.
