HEADER_1:
If we are unsuccessful at addressing our business challenges, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected and our ability to invest in and grow our business could be limited.
HEADER_2:
We are pursuing a plan to separate our information management business into a new, independent publicly-traded company. The proposed separation may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or at all and, if completed, may not achieve the intended benefits.
HEADER_3:
to attract and retain qualified employees, lose key personnel, fail to integrate replacement personnel successfully, or fail to 
HEADER_4:
 our employee base effectively, we may be unable to develop new and enhanced products and services, effectively manage or expand our business, or increase our revenues.
HEADER_5:
Fluctuations in demand for our products and services are driven by many factors, and a decrease in demand for our products could adversely affect our financial results.
HEADER_6:
If we are unable to develop new and enhanced products and services that achieve widespread market acceptance, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing products and services or adapt our business model to keep pace with industry trends, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_7:
We operate in a highly competitive environment, and our competitors may gain market share in the markets for our products that could adversely affect our business and cause our revenues to decline.
HEADER_8:
If the separation, together with certain related transactions, is determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we, our stockholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax and/or the independent information management business could incur significant income tax liabilities.
HEADER_9:
The parties might not be able to engage in desirable strategic transactions and equity issuances following the separation because of restrictions relating to U.S. federal income tax requirements for tax-free distributions.
HEADER_10:
Fluctuations in our quarterly financial results have affected the price of our common stock in the past and could affect our stock price in the future. 
HEADER_11:
Our business models present execution and competitive risks.
HEADER_12:
We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully.
HEADER_13:
 on customers renewing their arrangements for maintenance, subscriptions, managed security services and SaaS offerings.
HEADER_14:
Our increasing focus on the delivery of products in an appliance form factor creates new business and financial risks.
HEADER_15:
Defects, disruptions or risks related to the provision of our SaaS offerings could impair our ability to deliver our services and could expose us to liability, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise negatively impact our business.
HEADER_16:
and use personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to privacy, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 
HEADER_17:
If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively, or if our partners choose not to market and sell our products to their customers, our operating results could be adversely affected.
HEADER_18:
Over the long term we intend to invest in research and development activities, and these investments may achieve delayed, or lower than expected, benefits which could harm our operating results.
HEADER_19:
Changes in industry structure and market conditions could lead to charges related to discontinuances of certain of our products or
HEADER_20:
Our inability to successfully recover from a disaster or other business continuity event could impair our ability to deliver our products and services and harm our business.
HEADER_21:
We have grown, and may continue to grow, through acquisitions, which gives rise to risks and challenges that could adversely affect our future financial results.
HEADER_22:
 involve risks that could increase our expenses, adversely affect our operating results, and require increased time and attention of our management.
HEADER_23:
Our products are complex and operate in a wide variety of environments, systems, applications and configurations, which could result in errors or product failures.
HEADER_24:
If we do not protect our proprietary information and prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of our products and technology, our financial results could be harmed.
HEADER_25:
From time to time we are a party to lawsuits and investigations, which typically require significant management time and attention and result in significant legal expenses, and which could, if not determined favorably, negatively impact our business, financial condition, 
HEADER_26:
 of operations, and cash flows.
HEADER_27:
Third parties claiming that we infringe their proprietary rights could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and prevent us from selling our products.
HEADER_28:
Adverse global economic events may harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
HEADER_29:
 condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not effectively manage our liabilities.
HEADER_30:
Our software products, SaaS Offerings and website may be subject to intentional disruption that could adversely impact our reputation and future sales.
HEADER_31:
 contain “open source” software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business.
HEADER_32:
If we are unable to adequately address increased customer demands on our technical support services, our relationships with our customers and 
HEADER_33:
financial results may be adversely affected.
HEADER_34:
We sell products to the U.S. government under contracts that include special compliance obligations and subject us to audits and reviews by various agencies of
HEADER_35:
 U.S. government. Any failure to meet these obligations, or an adverse outcome in an audit or investigation, could result in civil damages and/or penalties being assessed against us by the government.
HEADER_36:
Accounting charges may cause fluctuations in our quarterly financial results.
HEADER_37:
Our effective tax rate may increase, which could increase our income tax expense and reduce (increase) our net income (loss).
HEADER_38:
Our stock price may be volatile in the future, and you could lose the value of your investment.
HEADER_39:
Unforeseen catastrophic or other 
HEADER_40:
 events could harm our operating results and financial condition.
