HEADER_1:
The future trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors.
HEADER_2:
We expect our operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year over year, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance and could cause our stock price to decline and be volatile.
HEADER_3:
Our business has been and may be significantly impacted by worldwide economic conditions.
HEADER_4:
We may not be profitable on a quarterly or annual basis.
HEADER_5:
We may not experience growth rates comparable to past years.
HEADER_6:
There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends at all or in any particular amounts.
HEADER_7:
We may be unsuccessful in developing and selling new products with margins similar to or better than what we have experienced in the past, which would impact our overall gross margin and financial performance.
HEADER_8:
The highly cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry, which has produced significant and sometimes prolonged downturns, could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
HEADER_9:
Industry consolidation may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results.
HEADER_10:
If demand for our products declines in the major end markets that we serve, our revenue will decrease and our results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected.
HEADER_11:
We may be unsuccessful in developing and selling new products or in penetrating new markets required to maintain or expand our business.
HEADER_12:
We may face competition from customers developing products internally.
HEADER_13:
We derive most of our revenue from direct or indirect sales to customers in Asia and have significant operations in Asia, which may expose us to political, cultural, regulatory, economic, foreign exchange, and operational risks.
HEADER_14:
We depend on a limited number of customers, including distributors, for a significant percentage of our revenue.
HEADER_15:
We are subject to anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA. Our failure to comply with these laws could result in penalties which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
HEADER_16:
We receive a significant portion of our revenue from distribution arrangements, value-added resellers and direct customers, and the loss of any one of these distributors, value-added resellers or direct customers or failure to collect a receivable from them could adversely affect our operations and financial position.
HEADER_17:
Due to the nature of our business as a component supplier, we may have difficulty both in accurately predicting our future revenue and appropriately managing our expenses.
HEADER_18:
Our ability to increase product sales and revenue may be constrained by the manufacturing capacity of our suppliers.
HEADER_19:
We currently depend on third-party suppliers to provide us with wafers for our products. If any of our wafer suppliers become insolvent or capacity constrained and are unable and/or fail to provide us sufficient wafers at acceptable yields and at anticipated costs, our revenue and gross margin may decline or we may not be able to fulfill our customer orders.
HEADER_20:
We might not be able to deliver our products on a timely basis if our relationships with our assembly and test subcontractors are disrupted or terminated.
HEADER_21:
There may be unanticipated costs associated with adding to or supplementing our third-party suppliers’ manufacturing capacity.
HEADER_22:
We purchase inventory in advance based on expected demand for our products, and if demand is not as expected, we may have insufficient or excess inventory, which could adversely impact our financial position.
HEADER_23:
The 2017 Tax Act is expected to have significant effects on our income tax expense, which could result in a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
HEADER_24:
The complexity of calculating our tax provision may result in errors that could result in restatements of our financial statements.
HEADER_25:
Changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our results.
HEADER_26:
Implementation of an enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) or other information technology systems could result in significant disruptions to our operations.
HEADER_27:
System security risks, data protection or privacy breaches, cyber attacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations and/or harm our reputation, and any such disruption or harm could cause a reduction in our expected revenue, increase our expenses, negatively impact our results of operation or otherwise adversely affect our stock price.
HEADER_28:
If we are unsuccessful in legal proceedings brought against us or any of our customers, we could be prevented from selling many of our products and/or be required to pay substantial damages. An unfavorable outcome or an additional award of damages, attorneys’ fees or an injunction could cause our revenue to decline significantly and could severely harm our business and operating results.
HEADER_29:
Given our inability to control the timing and nature of significant events in our legal proceedings that either have arisen or may arise, our legal expenses are difficult to forecast and may vary substantially from our publicly disclosed forecasts with respect to any given quarter, which could contribute to increased volatility in our stock price and financial condition.
HEADER_30:
Future legal proceedings may divert our financial and management resources.
HEADER_31:
Failure to protect our proprietary technologies or maintain the right to certain technologies may negatively affect our ability to compete.
HEADER_32:
The market for government-backed student loan auction-rate securities has suffered a decline in liquidity which may impact the liquidity and potential value of our investment portfolio.
HEADER_33:
We face risks in connection with our internal control over financial reporting.
HEADER_34:
Our products must meet specifications, and undetected defects and failures may occur, which may cause customers to return or stop buying our products and may expose us to product liability risk.
HEADER_35:
The price and availability of commodities (e.g., gold, copper and silicon) may adversely impact our ability to deliver our products in a timely and cost-effective manner, and may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
HEADER_36:
Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to other foreign currencies, including the Renminbi, may adversely affect results of operations.
HEADER_37:
Our business is subject to various governmental laws and regulations, and compliance with these regulations may impact our revenue and cause us to incur significant expense. If we fail to maintain compliance with applicable regulations, we may be forced to recall products and cease their distribution, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
HEADER_38:
Environmental laws and regulations could cause a disruption in our business and operations.
HEADER_39:
We and our manufacturing partners are or will be subject to extensive Chinese government regulation, and the benefit of various incentives from Chinese governments that we and our manufacturing partners receive may be reduced or eliminated, which could increase our costs or limit our ability to sell products and conduct activities in China.
HEADER_40:
There are inherent risks associated with the operation of our manufacturing and testing facilities in China, which could increase product costs or cause a delay in product shipments.
HEADER_41:
The average selling prices of products in our markets have historically decreased over time and could do so in the future, which could harm our revenue and gross profits.
HEADER_42:
Because of the lengthy sales cycles for our products and the fixed nature of a significant portion of our expenses, we may incur substantial expenses before we earn associated revenue and may not ultimately achieve our forecasted sales for our products.
HEADER_43:
Our success depends on our investment of significant resources in research and development. We may have to invest more resources in research and development than anticipated, which could increase our operating expenses and negatively impact our operating results.
HEADER_44:
The loss of any of our key personnel or the failure to attract or retain specialized technical and management personnel could affect our operations or impair our ability to grow our business.
HEADER_45:
If we fail to retain key employees in our sales, applications, finance and legal staff or to make continued improvements to our internal systems, particularly in the accounting and finance area, our business may suffer.
HEADER_46:
We intend to continue to expand our operations, which may strain our resources and increase our operating expenses.
HEADER_47:
We may not realize the anticipated benefits of any company or business that we acquire. In addition, acquisitions could result in diluting the ownership interests of our stockholders, reduce our cash balances, and cause us to incur debt or to assume contingent liabilities, which could adversely affect our business. We may also be the target of strategic transactions, which could divert our management’s attention and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business.
HEADER_48:
If we issue additional shares of stock in the future, it may have a dilutive effect on our stockholders.
HEADER_49:
We compete against many companies with substantially greater financial and other resources, and our market share may be reduced if we are unable to respond to our competitors effectively.
HEADER_50:
If securities or industry analysts downgrade our stock or do not continue to publish research or reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
HEADER_51:
Major earthquakes or other natural disasters and resulting systems outages may cause us significant losses.
