CONTENT_1:

CONTENT_2:

CONTENT_3:
Uncertainty or adverse changes in the economy could lead to a significant decline in demand for the end
products manufactured by our customers, which, in turn, could result in a decline in the demand for our products and pressure to reduce our prices. Any decrease in demand for our products could have an adverse impact on our financial condition,
operating results and cash flows. Uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy could also increase the cost and decrease the availability of potential sources of financing and increase our exposure to losses from bad debts, either of which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
CONTENT_4:

CONTENT_5:
As part of our business strategy, we expect that we will continue to grow by pursuing acquisitions of businesses, technologies, assets, or product lines that complement or expand our business. Risks
related to an acquisition may include:   


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to successfully integrate acquired operations and businesses or to realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale, or other
expected value;   


 
&#149;
 
 diversion of management&#146;s attention from normal daily operations of our existing business to focus on integration of the newly acquired business;
  


 
&#149;
 
 unforeseen expenses associated with the integration of the newly acquired business; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 difficulties in managing production and coordinating operations at new sites; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential loss of key employees of acquired operations; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to retain existing customers of acquired companies when we desire to do so; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 insufficient revenues to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential decrease in overall gross margins associated with acquiring a business with a different product mix; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the inability to identify certain unrecorded liabilities; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential need to restructure, modify, or terminate customer relationships of the acquired company; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 an increased concentration of business from existing or new customers; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential inability to identify assets best suited to our business plan. 
   15 







Table of Contents



 Acquisitions may cause us to: 
 


 
&#149;
 
 enter lines of business and/or markets in which we have limited or no prior experience; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 issue debt and be required to abide by stringent loan covenants; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 assume liabilities; record goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing and potential periodic impairment
charges;   


 
&#149;
 
 become subject to litigation and environmental issues, which include product material content certifications related to conflict minerals;
  


 
&#149;
 
 incur unanticipated costs;   


 
&#149;
 
 incur large and immediate write-offs; and   


 
&#149;
 
 incur substantial transaction-related costs, whether or not a proposed acquisition is consummated. 
Acquisitions of high technology companies are inherently risky, and no assurance can be given that our recent or future acquisitions will
be successful. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions we make could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even when an acquired company has already developed and marketed
products, product enhancements may not be made in a timely fashion. In addition, unforeseen issues might arise with respect to such products after any such acquisition.
CONTENT_6:

CONTENT_7:
We have substantial debt and, as a result, we have
significant debt service obligations. We maintain $250.0 million of Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 at an interest rate of 1.75%, a $349.1 million Term Loan Facility due 2024 (Term Loan Facility) at a floating rate of LIBOR plus 2.5%,
$375.0 million of Senior Notes due 2025 (Senior Notes) at an interest rate of 5.63%, a $200.0 million U.S. Asset-Based Lending Credit Agreement (U.S ABL), and a $150.0 million Asia Asset-Based Lending Credit Agreement (Asia ABL). We
and a number of our direct and indirect subsidiaries also have various credit facilities and letters of credit. Such agreements also contain certain financial covenants which require us to maintain, under the occurrence of certain events, a
consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio.  In addition, in conjunction with the pending acquisition of Anaren, we received
commitments to fund new $700.0 million secured senior incremental term loan (Incremental Facility). Subsequent to January 1, 2018, we completed the allocation of $600.0 million of commitments from lenders in the syndication for the
Incremental Facility, which supersedes the original $700.0 million commitment.  Subject to the limits contained in the
credit agreements governing the Term Loan Facility (including the Incremental Facility), the U.S. ABL, the Asia ABL, the indenture governing the Senior Notes, and our other debt instruments, we may be able to incur substantial additional debt from
time to time to finance working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions, or for other purposes. If we do so, the risks related to our high level of debt could intensify. Specifically, our high level of debt could have important
consequences to us and our shareholders. For example, it could:   


 
&#149;
 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, which could in turn result in an event of default on such
indebtedness;   


 
&#149;
 
 require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations for debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash for
working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;   


 
&#149;
 
 impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other investments or
general corporate purposes, which may limit our ability to execute our business strategy;   


 
&#149;
 
 diminish our ability to withstand a downturn in our business, the industry in which we operate or the economy generally and restrict us from exploiting
business opportunities or making acquisitions; 
   16 







Table of Contents






 
&#149;
 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate or the general economy;
  


 
&#149;
 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including movements in interest rates, which could result in increased
borrowing costs;   


 
&#149;
 
 limit management&#146;s discretion in operating our business; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage as compared to our competitors that have less debt as it could limit our ability to capitalize on future
business opportunities and to react to competitive pressures or adverse changes.  In addition, the indenture
governing the Senior Notes and the credit agreements governing the Term Loan Facility (including the Incremental Facility), the U.S. ABL and the Asia ABL contain restrictive covenants that will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be
in our long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all our debt.
CONTENT_8:

CONTENT_9:
We are required to make scheduled payments on all term loan facilities on a quarterly basis. Based on certain parameters defined in the
term loan facilities, including a First Lien Leverage Ratio, we may be required to make an additional principal payment on an annual basis, beginning after fiscal year 2018, if our First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than 2.0. 
Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations and to fund planned capital expenditures and expansion
efforts depends on our ability to generate cash in the future and our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain regulatory, competitive, financial, business and
other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our debt. 
If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity
problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional capital (which could include obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or
highly dilutive) or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us
to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. The credit agreements governing the Term Loan Facility (including the Incremental Facility), the U.S. ABL and the Asia ABL, the indenture governing the Senior Notes will restrict our ability to dispose
of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain
proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due.  In addition, we conduct certain of our
operations through our subsidiaries. Accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness may be dependent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. Unless
they are guarantors of the Senior Notes or our other indebtedness, our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay amounts due on our indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. Our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be
permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. Each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from
our subsidiaries. While the indenture governing the Senior Notes and the credit agreements governing the Term Loan Facility (including the Incremental Facility), the U.S. ABL and the Asia ABL will limit the ability of our subsidiaries to incur
consensual restrictions on their ability to pay dividends or make other intercompany payments to us, these limitations are subject to qualifications and exceptions. In the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be
unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness. 
   17 







Table of Contents



 Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to
refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations and our ability to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness. 
If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default and holders of the Senior Notes could declare all outstanding
principal and interest to be due and payable, the lenders under the Term Loan Facility (including the Incremental Facility), the U.S. ABL and the Asia ABL could terminate their commitments to loan money, the lenders could foreclose against the
assets securing their borrowings and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation.
CONTENT_10:

CONTENT_11:
We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although the indenture governing the
Senior Notes and the credit agreements governing the Term Loan Facility (including the Incremental Facility), the U.S. ABL and the Asia ABL will contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a
number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness.
CONTENT_12:

CONTENT_13:
Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility (including the Incremental Facility), the U.S. ABL and
the Asia ABL are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates were to increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same,
and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. For illustrative purposes and assuming all loans under the Term Loan Facility (including the Incremental Facility), the U.S.
ABL and the Asia ABL were fully drawn, each quarter point change in interest rates would result in a $3.3 million change in annual interest expense on our indebtedness under the Term Loan Facility (including the Incremental Facility), the U.S.
ABL and the Asia ABL. In the future, we may enter into interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce interest rate volatility. However, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with
respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk.
CONTENT_14:

CONTENT_15:
When issued, our debt will have a
non-investment grade rating, and any rating assigned could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in that rating agency&#146;s judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the
rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the Senior Notes. Credit ratings are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell the Senior
Notes. Additionally, credit ratings may not reflect the potential effect of risks relating to the structure or marketing of the Senior Notes.  Any future lowering of our ratings likely would make it more difficult or more expensive for us to obtain additional debt financing.
CONTENT_16:

CONTENT_17:
On December 22, 2017, the President of the United States signed into law H.R. 1 (the &#147;U.S. Tax Reform&#148;). We are in the
process of determining the impact to our financial statements of all aspects of U.S. Tax Reform and intend to reflect the impact of such reform in the financial statements during the period in which such amounts can be reasonably estimated. The U.S.
Tax Reform includes a number of provisions, including the lowering of the U.S. corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective January 1, 2018. There are also provisions that may partially offset the benefit of such rate reduction, such as the
repeal of the deduction for domestic production activities. The U.S. Tax Reform also includes international provisions, which generally establish a territorial-
   18 







Table of Contents



 
style system for taxing foreign-source income of domestic multinational corporations. Financial statement impacts could include adjustments for the
re-measurement of deferred tax assets (liabilities) and the accrual for deemed repatriation tax on unremitted foreign earnings and profits. There is substantial uncertainty regarding the details of the U.S.
Tax Reform. The intended and unintended consequences of the U.S. Tax Reform on our business are not yet widely understood and, due to the large and expanding scale of our international business activities, the changes to the taxation of our
activities effected by the U.S. Tax Reform could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and could materially impact our financial position or results of operations.
CONTENT_18:

CONTENT_19:
A large percentage of our business
is conducted with customers who are in the cellular phone and mobile technology industry. This industry is characterized by intense competition, short product life cycles, seasonality, particularly around the
year-end holiday season, and significant fluctuations in consumer demand. This industry is heavily dependent on consumers and therefore can be affected by their demand patterns. If the volatility in this
industry continues, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_20:

CONTENT_21:
The market for our manufacturing services is characterized by rapidly changing technology and continual implementation
of new production processes. The future success of our business will depend in large part upon our ability to maintain and enhance our technological capabilities, to manufacture products that meet changing customer needs, and to successfully
anticipate or respond to technological changes on a cost-effective and timely basis. We expect that the investment necessary to maintain our technological position will increase as customers make demands for products and services requiring more
advanced technology on a quicker turnaround basis. For example, in 2018 we expect to continue to make significant capital expenditures to expand our HDI, mSAP, and other advanced manufacturing capabilities. We may not be able to obtain access to
additional sources of funds in order to respond to technological changes as quickly as our competitors. In addition, failure to adopt and implement technological improvements quickly may cause inefficiencies as our product yields or quality may
decrease, resulting in increased costs.  In addition, the PCB industry could encounter competition from new or revised
manufacturing and production technologies that render existing manufacturing and production technology less competitive or obsolete. We may not respond effectively to the technological requirements of the changing market. If we need new technologies
and equipment to remain competitive, the development, acquisition, and implementation of those technologies and equipment will require us to make significant capital investments.
CONTENT_22:

CONTENT_23:
To manufacture PCBs, we use raw materials such as laminated layers of
fiberglass, copper foil, chemical solutions, gold, and other commodity products, which we order from our suppliers. In the case of backplane assemblies, components include connectors, sheet metal, capacitors, resistors and diodes, many of which are
custom made and controlled by our customers&#146; approved vendors. If raw material and component prices increase, it may reduce our gross margins.
CONTENT_24:

CONTENT_25:
A portion of our
cash and other current assets is held in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in exchange rates among other currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect the value of these assets as translated to U.S. dollars on our balance sheet. To the
extent that we ultimately decide to repatriate some portion of these funds to the United States, the actual value transferred could be impacted by movements in exchange rates. Any such type of movement could negatively impact the amount of cash
available to fund operations or to repay debt. 
   19 







Table of Contents



 
To the extent that we may have outstanding receivables or indebtedness denominated in the U.S. dollar or in the Hong Kong dollar (HKD), the fluctuation of the Chinese Renminbi (RMB) against the
U.S. dollar or the HKD may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations (including the cost of servicing, and the value on our balance sheet of, the U.S. dollar and HKD-denominated
indebtedness). Additionally, we have revenues and costs denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar (primarily the RMB). Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the RMB could result in increases or decreases in our
costs or revenues which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Significant inflation or disproportionate changes in foreign exchange rates could occur as a result of general economic conditions, acts of
war or terrorism, changes in governmental monetary or tax policy, or changes in local interest rates. For the year ended January 1, 2018, our consolidated statement of operations included a foreign exchange loss of approximately
$22.8 million due primarily to the appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and the HKD. The impact of future exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the RMB and the U.S. dollar and the HKD cannot be predicted.
Further, China&#146;s government imposes controls over the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies, which subjects us to further currency exchange risk.
CONTENT_26:

CONTENT_27:
We manufacture products to our customers&#146; specifications, which are highly complex and may contain design or manufacturing errors or
failures, despite our quality control and quality assurance efforts. Defects in the products we manufacture, whether caused by a design, manufacturing, or materials failure or error, may result in delayed shipments, customer dissatisfaction, a
reduction or cancellation of purchase orders, or liability claims against us. If these defects occur either in large quantities or too frequently, our business reputation may be impaired. Since our products are used in products that are integral to
our customers&#146; businesses, errors, defects, or other performance problems could result in financial or other damages to our customers beyond the cost of the PCB, for which we may be liable. Although our invoices and sales arrangements generally
contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to product liability and related claims, existing or future laws or unfavorable judicial decisions could negate these limitation of liability provisions. In addition, we manufacture products for a
range of automotive customers. If any of our products are or are alleged to be defective, we may be required to participate in a recall of such products. As suppliers become more integral to the vehicle design process and assume more of the vehicle
assembly functions, vehicle manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contributions when faced with product liability claims or recalls. In addition, vehicle manufacturers, which have traditionally borne the costs associated with
warranty programs offered on their vehicles, are increasingly requiring suppliers to guarantee or warrant their products and may seek to hold us responsible for some or all of the costs related to the repair and replacement of parts supplied by us
to the vehicle manufacturer.
CONTENT_28:

CONTENT_29:
A small number of customers are responsible for a significant portion of our sales. Our five largest OEM customers accounted for approximately 37%, 33% and 37% of our net sales for the years ended
January 1, 2018, January 2, 2017 and December 28, 2015, respectively, and one customer represented 20% of our sales for the year ended January 1, 2018. Sales attributed to OEMs include both direct sales as well as sales that
the OEMs place through EMS providers. Our customer concentration could fluctuate, depending on future customer requirements, which will depend in large part on market conditions in the electronics industry segments in which our customers
participate. The loss of one or more significant customers or a decline in sales to our significant customers would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we generate significant
accounts receivable in connection with providing manufacturing services to our customers. If one or more of our significant customers were to become insolvent or were otherwise unable to pay for the manufacturing services provided by us, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially adversely affected.  In addition, during industry
downturns, we may need to reduce prices to limit the level of order losses, and we may be unable to collect payments from our customers. There can be no assurance that key customers would 
   20 







Table of Contents



 
not cancel orders, that they would continue to place orders with us in the future at the same levels as experienced by us in prior periods, that they would be able to meet their payment
obligations, or that the end-products that use our products would be successful. This concentration of customer base may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations
due to the loss or cancellation of business from any of these key customers, significant changes in scheduled deliveries to any of these customers, or decreases in the prices of the products sold to any of these customers.
CONTENT_30:

CONTENT_31:
Given the high fixed costs of our operations, decreases in capacity
utilization rates can have a significant effect on our business. Accordingly, our ability to maintain or enhance gross margins will continue to depend, in part, on maintaining satisfactory capacity utilization rates. In turn, our ability to maintain
satisfactory capacity utilization will depend on the demand for our products, the volume of orders we receive, and our ability to offer products that meet our customers&#146; requirements at competitive prices. If current or future production
capacity fails to match current or future customer demands, our facilities would be underutilized, our sales may not fully cover our fixed overhead expenses, and we would be less likely to achieve expected gross margins. If forecasts and assumptions
used to support the realizability of our long-lived assets change in the future, significant impairment charges could result that would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
In addition, we generally schedule our quick turnaround production facilities at less than full capacity to retain our ability to respond
to unexpected additional quick-turn orders. However, if these orders are not received, we may forego some production and could experience continued excess capacity. If we conclude we have significant, long-term excess capacity, we may decide to
permanently close one or more of our facilities and lay off some of our employees. Closures or lay-offs could result in our recording restructuring charges such as severance, other exit costs, and asset
impairments, as well as potentially causing disruptions in our ability to supply customers.
CONTENT_32:

CONTENT_33:
A majority of
our revenue is generated from the electronics industry, which is characterized by intense competition, relatively short product life cycles, and significant fluctuations in product demand. The industry is subject to economic cycles and recessionary
periods. Due to the uncertainty in the end markets served by most of our customers, we have a low level of visibility with respect to future financial results. Consequently, our past operating results, earnings, and cash flows may not be indicative
of our future operating results, earnings, and cash flows.
CONTENT_34:

CONTENT_35:
A significant portion of our sales are to customers within the automotive industry. The automotive industry has historically experienced
multi-year cycles of growth and decline. In recent years, we have witnessed a growth cycle. If sales of automobiles should decline or go into a cyclical down turn, our sales could decline and this could have a materially adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and result of operations.  In addition, for safety reasons, automotive customers have strict
quality standards that generally exceed the quality requirements of other customers. If such products do not meet these quality standards, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. These
automotive customers may require long periods of time to evaluate whether our manufacturing processes and facilities meet their quality standards. If we were to lose automotive customers due to quality control issues, we might not be able to regain
those customers or gain new automotive customers for long periods of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, we may be required under our contracts with automotive
industry customers to indemnify them for the cost of warranties and recalls relating to our products. 
   21 







Table of Contents
CONTENT_36:

CONTENT_37:
There is uncertainty with respect to rising labor costs, particularly within China, where we have most of our manufacturing facilities. In
recent periods there have been regular and significant increases in the minimum wage payable in various provinces of China. In addition, we have experienced very high employee turnover in our manufacturing facilities in China, generally after the
Chinese New Year, and we are experiencing ongoing difficulty in recruiting employees for these facilities. Furthermore, labor disputes and strikes based partly on wages have in the past slowed or stopped production by certain manufacturers in China.
In some cases, employers have responded by significantly increasing the wages of workers at such plants. Any increase in labor costs due to minimum wage laws or customer requirements about scheduling and overtime that we are unable to recover in our
pricing to our customers could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, the high turnover rate and our difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified employees and the other labor
trends we are noting in China could result in a potential for defects in our products, production disruptions or delays, or the inability to ramp production to meet increased customer orders, resulting in order cancellation or imposition of customer
penalties if we are unable to deliver products in a timely manner.  To respond to competitive pressures and customer
requirements, we may further expand internationally in lower-cost locations. If we pursue such expansions, we may be required to make additional capital expenditures. In addition, the cost structure in certain countries that are now considered to be
favorable may increase as economies develop or as such countries join multinational economic communities or organizations, causing local wages to rise. As a result, we may need to continue to seek new locations with lower costs and the employee and
infrastructure base to support PCB manufacturing. We cannot assure investors that we will realize the anticipated strategic benefits of our international operations or that our international operations will contribute positively to our operating
results.  In our North America operations, rising labor and health care costs pose a significant risk. We work with our
insurance brokers and carriers to control the cost of health care for our employees. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will succeed, especially given recent and pending changes in government oversight of health care.
CONTENT_38:

CONTENT_39:
Our results of operations fluctuate for a variety of
reasons, including:   


 
&#149;
 
 timing of orders from and shipments to major customers; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the levels at which we utilize our manufacturing capacity; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 price competition;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in our mix of revenues generated from quick-turn versus standard delivery time services; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 expenditures, charges or write-offs, including those related to acquisitions, facility restructurings, or asset impairments; and
  


 
&#149;
 
 expenses relating to expanding existing manufacturing facilities. 
A significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature, and planned expenditures are based in part on anticipated
orders. Accordingly, unexpected revenue shortfalls may decrease our gross margins. In addition, we have experienced sales fluctuations due to seasonal patterns in the capital budgeting and purchasing cycles, as well as inventory management practices
of our customers and the end markets we serve. In particular, the seasonality of the cellular phone and tablet industries and quick-turn ordering patterns affect the overall PCB industry. These seasonal trends have caused fluctuations in our
operating results in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period. In addition, our future quarterly operating
results may fluctuate and may not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors. 
   22 







Table of Contents
CONTENT_40:

CONTENT_41:
A large percentage of our business is conducted with customers who are in the telecommunication industry. This industry is characterized
by intense competition, relatively short product life cycles, and significant fluctuations in product demand. This industry is heavily dependent on the end markets it serves and therefore can be affected by the demand patterns of those markets. If
the volatility in this industry continues, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_42:

CONTENT_43:
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various
foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and, in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations in which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our
effective tax rates could be materially adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries and states with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, as
well as other factors. Our tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities, and developments in those audits could adversely affect our income tax provision. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final
determination of tax audits or tax disputes may be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_44:

CONTENT_45:
Certain of our foreign subsidiaries have deferred income tax assets. Based on our forecast for future taxable earnings for these foreign
subsidiaries, we believe we will utilize the deferred income tax assets in future periods. However, if our estimates of future earnings decline, we may have to increase our valuation allowance against our net deferred income tax assets, resulting in
a higher income tax provision, which would reduce our results of operations.
CONTENT_46:

CONTENT_47:

CONTENT_48:

CONTENT_49:

CONTENT_50:

CONTENT_51:

CONTENT_52:

CONTENT_53:
In the normal course of our business, we have been, and may in the future be subject to employee claims based on, among other things,
discrimination, minimum wage, overtime pay and other employment related matters. We cannot predict with certainty the cost of defense, the cost of prosecution or the ultimate outcome of these legal proceedings. Any significant adverse
determinations, judgments or settlements could reduce our profitability and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, limit our ability to operate our business or harm our reputation.
CONTENT_54:

CONTENT_55:
Our business is labor intensive, utilizing large numbers of engineering and manufacturing personnel.
Strikes or labor disputes with our unionized employees, primarily in China, may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. If we are unable to reach agreement with any of our unionized work groups on future negotiations regarding the
terms of their collective bargaining agreements, we may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages. Any of these events could be disruptive to our operations and could result in negative publicity, loss of contracts, and a decrease in revenues.
We may also become subject to additional collective bargaining agreements in the future if more employees or segments of our workforce become unionized, including any of our employees in the United States. We have not experienced any labor problems
resulting in a work stoppage since 2013.
CONTENT_56:

CONTENT_57:

CONTENT_58:

CONTENT_59:

CONTENT_60:

CONTENT_61:
We have significant manufacturing operations in Asia and Canada and sales offices located in Asia and Europe, and we continue to consider
additional opportunities to make foreign investments and construct new foreign facilities.  For the year ended January 1,
2018, we generated approximately 73.2% of our net sales from non-U.S. operations, and a significant portion of our manufacturing material was provided by international suppliers during this period. As a
result, we are subject to risks relating to significant international operations, including but not limited to:   


 
&#149;
 
 managing international operations;   


 
&#149;
 
 imposition of governmental controls;   


 
&#149;
 
 unstable regulatory environments;   


 
&#149;
 
 compliance with employment laws;   


 
&#149;
 
 implementation of disclosure controls, internal controls, financial reporting systems, and governance standards to comply with U.S. accounting and
securities laws and regulations;   


 
&#149;
 
 limitations on imports or exports of our product offerings; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 fluctuations in the value of local currencies; 
   25 







Table of Contents






 
&#149;
 
 inflation or changes in political and economic conditions; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 labor unrest, rising wages, difficulties in staffing, and geographical labor shortages; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 government or political unrest;   


 
&#149;
 
 longer payment cycles;   


 
&#149;
 
 language and communication barriers, as well as time zone differences; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 cultural differences;   


 
&#149;
 
 increases in duties and taxation levied on our products; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 other potentially adverse tax consequences;   


 
&#149;
 
 imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 travel restrictions;   


 
&#149;
 
 expropriation of private enterprises;   


 
&#149;
 
 the potential reversal of current favorable policies encouraging foreign investment and trade; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 the potential for strained trade relationships between the United States and its trading partners.
CONTENT_62:

CONTENT_63:
Under its current leadership, the government of China has been pursuing economic reform policies, including the encouragement of foreign
trade and investment and greater economic decentralization. No assurance can be given, however, that the government of China will continue to pursue such policies, that such policies will be successful if pursued, or that such policies will not be
significantly altered from time to time. Despite progress in developing its legal system, China does not have a comprehensive and highly developed system of laws, particularly with respect to foreign investment activities and foreign trade.
Enforcement of existing and future laws and contracts is uncertain, and implementation and interpretation thereof may be inconsistent. As the Chinese legal system develops, the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws, and the preemption
of local regulations by national laws may adversely affect foreign investors. Further, any litigation in China may be protracted and may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management&#146;s attention. In addition, though
changes in government policies and rules are timely published or communicated, there is usually no indication of the duration of any grace period before which full implementation and compliance will be required. As a result, we may operate our
business in violation of new rules and policies before full compliance can be achieved. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us.
CONTENT_64:

CONTENT_65:
A significant portion of our revenues is derived from
products and services that are ultimately sold to the U.S. government by our OEM and EMS customers and is therefore affected by, among other things, the federal government budget process. We are a supplier, primarily as a subcontractor, to the U.S.
government and its agencies, as well as foreign governments and agencies. The contracts between our direct customers and the government end user are subject to political and budgetary constraints and processes, changes in short-range and long-range
strategic plans, the timing of contract awards, the congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes, the government&#146;s ability to terminate contracts for convenience or for default, as well as other risks, such as contractor
suspension or debarment in the event of certain violations of legal and regulatory requirements.  For the year ended
January 1, 2018, aerospace and defense sales accounted for approximately 16% of our total net sales. The substantial majority of aerospace and defense sales are related to both U.S. and foreign military and defense programs. While we do not
sell any significant volume of products directly to the U.S. 
   26 







Table of Contents



 
government, we are a supplier to the U.S. government and its agencies, as well as foreign governments and agencies. Consequently, our sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets of the
U.S. and foreign governments and may be affected by federal budget sequestration measures.  The domestic and international
threat of terrorist activity, emerging nuclear states, and conventional military threats have led to an increase in demand for defense products and services and homeland security solutions in the recent past. The U.S. government, however, is facing
unprecedented budgeting constraints. The termination or failure to fund one or more significant contracts by the U.S. government could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Future changes to the U.S. Munitions List could reduce or eliminate restrictions that currently apply to some of the products we produce.
If these regulations or others are changed in a manner that reduces restrictions on products being manufactured overseas, we would likely face an increase in the number of competitors and increased price competition from overseas manufacturers, who
are restricted by the current export laws from manufacturing products for U.S. defense systems.
CONTENT_66:

CONTENT_67:
A facility security clearance is required in order to be awarded and perform on classified contracts for the Department of Defense and
certain other agencies of the U.S. government. As a cleared entity, we must comply with the requirements of the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM), and any other applicable U.S. government industrial security regulations.
Further, due to the fact that a significant portion of our voting equity is owned by a non-U.S. entity, we are required to be governed by and operate in accordance with the terms and requirements of the
Special Security Agreement (SSA). The terms of the SSA have been previously disclosed in our SEC filings.  If we were to
violate the terms and requirements of the SSA, the NISPOM, or any other applicable U.S. government industrial security regulations (which may apply to us under the terms of classified contracts), we could lose our security clearance. We cannot be
certain that we will be able to maintain our security clearance. If for some reason our security clearance is invalidated or terminated, we may not be able to continue to perform on classified contracts and would not be able to enter into new
classified contracts, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_68:

CONTENT_69:

CONTENT_70:

CONTENT_71:

CONTENT_72:

CONTENT_73:

CONTENT_74:

CONTENT_75:

CONTENT_76:

CONTENT_77:

CONTENT_78:

CONTENT_79:
The destruction or closure of any of
our facilities for a significant period of time as a result of fire, explosion, blizzard, act of war or terrorism, flood, tornado, earthquake, lightning, other natural disasters, an outbreak of epidemics such as Ebola or severe acute respiratory
syndrome, required maintenance, or other events could harm us financially, increasing our costs of doing business and limiting our ability to deliver our manufacturing services on a timely basis. 
Our insurance coverage with respect to damages to our facilities or our customers&#146; products caused by natural disasters is limited
and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate or continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms.  In the event one or more of our facilities is closed on a temporary or permanent basis as a result of a natural disaster, required maintenance or other event, or in the event that an outbreak of a serious
epidemic results in quarantines, temporary closures of offices or manufacturing facilities, travel restrictions or the temporary or permanent loss of key personnel, our operations could be significantly disrupted. Such events could delay or prevent
product manufacturing and shipment for the time required to transfer production or repair, rebuild or replace the affected manufacturing facilities. This time frame could be lengthy and result in significant expenses for repair and related costs.
While we have disaster recovery plans in place, there can be no assurance that such plans will be sufficient to allow our operations to continue in the event of every natural or man-made disaster, pandemic,
required repair or other extraordinary event. Any extended inability to continue our operations at unaffected facilities following such an event would reduce our revenue and potentially damage our reputation as a reliable supplier.
CONTENT_80:

CONTENT_81:
Competition in the PCB market is intense, and we expect that competition will continue to increase, thereby creating a highly aggressive
pricing environment. We and some of our competitors have reduced average selling prices in the past. In addition, competitors may reduce their average selling prices faster than our ability to reduce costs, which can also accelerate the rate of
decline of our selling prices. When prices decline, we may also be required to write down the value of our inventory. 
   30 







Table of Contents



 The effects of such pricing pressures on our business may be exacerbated by
inflationary pressures that affect our costs of supply. When we are unable to extract comparable concessions from our suppliers on prices they charge us, this in turn reduces gross profit if we are unable to raise prices. Further, uncertainty or
adverse changes in the economy could also lead to a significant decline in demand for our products and pressure to reduce our prices. As a result of the recent global economic downturn, many businesses have taken a more conservative stance in
ordering inventory. Any decrease in demand for our products, coupled with pressure from the market and our customers to decrease our prices, would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
The pricing pressure we face on our products requires us to introduce new and more advanced technology products to maintain average
selling prices or reduce any declines in average selling prices. As we shift production to more advanced, higher-density PCBs, we tend to make significant investments in plants and other capital equipment and incur higher costs of production, which
may not be recovered.
CONTENT_82:

CONTENT_83:
Sales to EMS companies represented approximately 32%, 35% and 35% of our net sales for the years ended
January 1, 2018, January 2, 2017 and December 28, 2015, respectively. Sales to EMS providers include sales directed by OEMs as well as orders placed with us at the EMS providers&#146; discretion. EMS providers source on a global basis
to a greater extent than OEMs. The growth of EMS providers increases the purchasing power of such providers and has in the past, and could in the future, result in increased price competition or the loss of existing OEM customers. In addition,
some EMS providers, including some of our customers, have the ability to directly manufacture PCBs and create backplane assemblies. If a significant number of our other EMS customers were to acquire these abilities, our customer base might shrink,
and our sales might decline substantially. Moreover, if any of our OEM customers outsource the production of PCBs and creation of backplane assemblies to these EMS providers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be
materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_84:

CONTENT_85:

CONTENT_86:

CONTENT_87:

CONTENT_88:

CONTENT_89:
Certain of our employees have access to, or signature authority with respect to, bank
accounts or other company assets, which could expose us to fraud or theft. In addition, certain employees have access to certain precious metals used in connection with our manufacturing and key information technology infrastructure and to customer
and other information that is commercially valuable. Should any employee, for any reason, steal any such precious metals (which has occurred from time to time), compromise our information technology systems, or misappropriate customer or other
information, we could incur losses, including losses relating to claims by our customers against us, and the willingness of customers to do business with us may be damaged. Additionally, in the case of our defense business, we could be barred from
future participation in government programs. Any such losses may not be fully covered by insurance.
CONTENT_90:

CONTENT_91:
Although we have long-term contracts with many customers, those contracts generally do not contain volume commitments. We generally sell to customers on a purchase order basis. Our quick-turn orders are
subject to particularly short lead times. Consequently, our sales are subject to short-term variability in demand by our customers. Customers submitting purchase orders may cancel, reduce, or delay their orders for a variety of reasons, subject to
negotiations. The level and timing of orders placed by our customers may vary due to:   


 
&#149;
 
 customer attempts to manage inventory;   


 
&#149;
 
 changes in customers&#146; manufacturing strategies, such as a decision by a customer to either diversify or consolidate the number of PCB
manufacturers or backplane assembly service providers used or to manufacture or assemble its own products internally;   


 
&#149;
 
 variation in demand for our customers&#146; products; and 
 


 
&#149;
 
 changes in new product introductions. 
   32 







Table of Contents



 We have periodically experienced terminations, reductions, and delays in our
customers&#146; orders. Further terminations, reductions, or delays in our customers&#146; orders could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
CONTENT_92:

CONTENT_93:

CONTENT_94:

CONTENT_95:

CONTENT_96:

CONTENT_97:
Recently, some of our large customers have consolidated, and further consolidation of customers
may occur. Depending on which organization becomes the controller of the supply chain function following the consolidation, we may not be retained as a preferred or approved supplier. In addition, product duplication could result in the termination
of a product line that we currently support. While there is potential for increasing our position with the combined customer, there does exist the potential for decreased revenue if we are not retained as a continuing supplier. We also face the risk
of increased pricing pressure from the combined customer because of its increased market share.
CONTENT_98:

CONTENT_99:
Our business is capital-intensive, and our ability to increase revenue, profit, and cash flow depends upon continued capital spending. To
the extent that the funds generated by our ongoing operations are insufficient to cover our liquidity requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through financings. If we are unable to fund our operations and make capital expenditures as
currently planned or if we do not have sufficient liquidity to service the interest and principal payments on our debt, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we do not achieve our
expected operating results, we would need to reallocate our sources and uses of operating cash flows. This may include borrowing additional funds to service debt payments, which may impair our ability to make investments in our business. Looking
ahead at long-term needs, we may need to raise additional funds for a number of purposes, including the following:   


 
&#149;
 
 to fund capital equipment purchases to increase production capacity, upgrade and expand our technological capabilities and replace aging equipment or
introduce new products;   


 
&#149;
 
 to refinance our existing indebtedness;   


 
&#149;
 
 to fund our operations beyond 2018; 
   33 







Table of Contents






 
&#149;
 
 to fund working capital requirements for future growth that we may experience; 
 


 
&#149;
 
 to enhance or expand the range of services we offer;   



 
&#149;
 
 to increase our sales and marketing activities; or   


 
&#149;
 
 to respond to competitive pressures or perceived opportunities, such as investment, acquisition, and international expansion activities.
 Should we need to raise funds through incurring additional debt, we may become subject to covenants even
more restrictive than those contained in our current debt instruments. There can be no assurance that additional capital, including any future equity or debt financing, would be available on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all. If such
funds are not available to us when required or on acceptable terms, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
CONTENT_100:

CONTENT_101:
The manufacturing of PCBs requires significant quantities of electricity and water. Our operations in Asia have historically purchased
substantially all of the electrical power for their manufacturing plants in China from local power plants. Because China&#146;s economy has recently been in a state of growth, the strain on the nation&#146;s power plants is increasing, which has led
to continuing power outages in various parts of the country. There may be times when our operations in China may be unable to obtain adequate sources of electricity to meet production requirements. Various regions in China have in the past
experienced shortages of both electricity and water and unexpected interruptions of power supply. From time to time, the Chinese government rations electrical power, which can lead to unscheduled production interruptions at our manufacturing
facilities.  In addition, certain areas in which our North America operations have manufacturing facilities, particularly in
California, have experienced power and resource shortages from time to time, including mandatory periods without electrical power, changes to water availability, and significant increases in utility and resource costs. 
We do not generally maintain any back-up power generation facilities or reserves of water for our
operations, so if we were to lose supplies of power or water at any of our facilities, we would be required to cease operations until such supply was restored. Any resulting cessation of operations could materially adversely affect our ability to
meet our customers&#146; orders in a timely manner, thus potentially resulting in a loss of business, along with increased costs of manufacturing, and under-utilization of capacity. In addition, the sudden cessation of our power or water supply
could damage our equipment, resulting in the need for costly repairs or maintenance, as well as damage to products in production, resulting in an increase in scrapped products.
CONTENT_102:

CONTENT_103:
We believe that our future
success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled, knowledgeable, sophisticated, and qualified managerial and professional personnel. We may not be able to retain our executive officers and key personnel or
attract additional qualified management in the future. We can make no assurances that future changes in executive management will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our business also
depends on our continuing ability to recruit, train, and retain highly qualified employees, particularly engineering and sales and marketing personnel. The competition for these employees is intense, and the loss of these employees could harm our
business. Further, our ability to successfully integrate acquired companies depends in part on our ability to retain key management and existing employees at the time of the acquisition. 
   34 







Table of Contents
CONTENT_104:

CONTENT_105:

CONTENT_106:

CONTENT_107:

CONTENT_108:

CONTENT_109:

CONTENT_110:

CONTENT_111:

CONTENT_112:
On December 1, 2017, TTM entered into the Stock Purchase Agreement in connection with the Acquisition.
Although we currently expect the Acquisition to close in the first half of 2018, subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals, there can be no assurance that the Acquisition will be completed in accordance with the
anticipating timing or at all. In addition, if the Acquisition has not been completed by June 1, 2018 (subject to extension to September 1, 2018 in certain circumstances), either Anaren or TTM may terminate the Purchase Agreement unless
the failure of the Acquisition to be completed has resulted from certain failures of the party seeking to terminate the Purchase Agreement to perform its obligations there under. In conjunction with the pending Acquisition, we have received
commitments to fund a $700.0 million Incremental Facility. Subsequent to January 1, 2018, we completed the allocation of $600.0 million of commitments from lenders in the syndication for the Incremental Facility, which supercedes the
original $700.0 million commitment. TTM expects to pay $600.0 million of the purchase price for the Acquisition with proceeds of the Incremental Facility. If the Incremental Facility is not funded for any reason, TTM may be unable to
complete the Acquisition.  If the Acquisition is not completed on a timely basis, or at all, TTM&#146;s ongoing business may be
adversely affected. Additionally, in the event the Acquisition is not completed, TTM will be subject to a number of risks without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the Acquisition, including the following: 
 


&#149;
 
 TTM will be required to pay its costs relating to the Acquisition, such as legal, accounting, financing and financial advisory fees, whether or not the
Acquisition is completed, and could be required to pay Anaren a termination fee of $31.0 million in cash if the Purchase Agreement is terminated under circumstances in which certain required regulatory approvals are not obtained prior to
June 1, 2018 or September 1, 2018, as applicable;   


&#149;
 
 in circumstances where the termination fee is not the specified remedy for a failure by TTM to complete the acquisition in accordance with its
obligations, TTM may be subject to claims for damages or specific performance;   


&#149;
 
 time and resources committed by management to matters relating to the Acquisition could otherwise have been devoted to pursuing other beneficial
opportunities; and   


&#149;
 
 the market price of TTM&#146;s securities could decline to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the Acquisition
will be completed, or to the extent that the Acquisition is fundamental to TTM&#146;s business strategy.
CONTENT_113:

CONTENT_114:
TTM and Anaren have operated and, until consummation of the Acquisition, will continue to operate independently, and there can be no
assurances that their businesses can be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key TTM or Anaren employees, the loss of customers, the disruption of either company&#146;s or both
companies&#146; ongoing businesses or other unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. Specifically, the following issues
and potential risks, among others, must be addressed in integrating the operations of TTM and Anaren in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition so the combined company performs as expected: 
 


&#149;
 
 failure to implement the business plan for the combined company; 
 


&#149;
 
 combining the businesses of TTM and Anaren and meeting the capital requirements of the combined company in a manner that permits the combined company
to achieve the cost savings or revenue synergies anticipated to result from the Acquisition, the failure of which would result in the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition not being realized in the time frame currently anticipated or at all;
  


&#149;
 
 satisfying the requirements of our customers and meeting their expectations while we integrate operations; 
   36 







Table of Contents






&#149;
 
 integration of the contracting activities of TTM and Anaren, particularly with respect to the companies&#146; respective military and government
contracts;   


&#149;
 
 harmonizing the companies&#146; operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, internal controls, and other policies, procedures,
and processes;   


&#149;
 
 costs, including legal and settlement costs, associated with TTM&#146;s and Anaren&#146;s legal proceedings, and other costs, including legal and
settlement costs, associated with the combined company&#146;s other loss contingencies, in each case whether known or unknown and whether relating to past, present or future facts, events, circumstances, or occurrences, any of which could be
materially adverse to the business, results of operations, assets, or financial condition of TTM or Anaren and, following the Acquisition, the financial position, results of operations, and liquidity of the combined company and the ability of the
combined company to achieve expected benefits of the Acquisition;   


&#149;
 
 potential deterioration in the financial performance of TTM and Anaren, including any potential deviation in results of operations from historical
levels;   


&#149;
 
 difficulties in the retention and assimilation of employees; 
 


&#149;
 
 demands on management related to the increase in the size of our company after the Acquisition; 
 


&#149;
 
 the diversion of management&#146;s attention from the management of daily operations to the integration of operations; 
 


&#149;
 
 unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations; 
 


&#149;
 
 the imposition of divestiture requirements or a required exit from business lines to obtain regulatory approvals; 


&#149;
 
 difficulties and risks in the integration of departments and systems (including accounting, health information and management information systems),
technologies (including software), books and records and procedures, as well as in maintaining uniform standards and controls (including internal control over financial reporting and related procedures and policies); and
  


&#149;
 
 other unanticipated issues, expenses, or liabilities that could materially adversely affect our ability to realize any expected synergies on a timely
basis, or at all.  If we cannot successfully integrate Anaren, we may experience material negative
consequences to our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Successful integration of TTM and Anaren will depend on our ability to manage these operations, to realize opportunities for revenue growth and to eliminate redundant and
excess costs. Because of difficulties in combining the two companies, we may not be able to achieve the benefits that we expect to achieve as a result of the Acquisition.
CONTENT_115:

CONTENT_116:
Prior to the consummation of the Acquisition, the parties may, by their mutual agreement, amend or alter the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, including with respect to any covenants or agreements
with respect to the parties&#146; respective operations during the pendency thereof. Any such amendments or alterations may have negative consequences, including reducing the cash available for TTM&#146;s or Anaren&#146;s operations or to meet
respective obligations or restricting or limiting assets or operations of either of TTM or Anaren.
CONTENT_117:

CONTENT_118:
The consummation of the Acquisition is conditioned upon the expiration or termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of 1976, as amended (the &#147;HSR Act&#148;) waiting period and the receipt of certain other approvals, including approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (&#147;CFIUS&#148;) and the Defense Security Service. We
received early termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act on December 22, 2017. As of the date of this report, we have not yet received the necessary approval from CFIUS. 
   37 







Table of Contents



 Notwithstanding the expiration of the statutory waiting periods or an extension thereto
and receipt of clearance of the Acquisition from the applicable regulatory authorities, at any time after consummation of the Acquisition the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice, Federal Trade Commission (the &#147;FTC&#148;), or
any state or foreign regulatory authority, could take action under antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to rescind the Acquisition or the divestiture of shares purchased or particular assets
held by the combined company, in addition to other restrictions. Moreover, a competitor, customer or other third party could initiate a private action under antitrust laws challenging the Acquisition after it has been consummated. There can be no
assurance that a challenge to the Acquisition on antitrust grounds after the consummation of the Acquisition will not be made or, if this challenge is made, what the result will be. 
If the challenging party is successful, the Acquisition may be rescinded or we may be subject to requirements, limitations or costs,
required to make divestitures or have restrictions placed on the conduct of the combined company&#146;s business. If we agree to any material requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures or restrictions, these requirements, limitations, costs,
divestitures or restrictions could adversely affect our ability to integrate Anaren&#146;s operations with TTM&#146;s operations and/or reduce the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition. This could have a material adverse effect on the combined
company&#146;s business and results of operations.  Additionally, while the Acquisition is conditioned on the satisfaction of
applicable regulatory requirements, it is not conditioned on the absence of any changes to the business of TTM, Anaren, and the combined company that may be necessitated by such regulatory authorities to obtain approvals. As a result of the
foregoing, the financial profile of the combined company may be different in a material manner than the historical financial presentations of TTM and Anaren and the pro forma balance sheet and statements of operations data included in this offering
memorandum.   


<B
